female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
female	7	"Canskaters are taught by the certified starskate coach , as well as her program assistants ( "" junior coaches "" ) ."	coach
female	2	The OPC coach guided her to think about what she wanted , and she created five-step morning and after-school routines for her son .	coach
female	10	Her father , Tom Donnet , was an Olympic Diving Coach and her mother , Barbara McAulay , was also a diver who won gold and silver medals in the 1954 Empire and Commonwealth Games ( Vancouver ) , and competed at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics .	coach
female	1	"Head coach Aaran Lines said of Kerr , "" With her attributes – her speed , athleticism and instincts – if she continues to develop at the rate she is , Sam can become one of the best strikers in the world . """	coach
female	6	During the 2016–17 season , head coach Courtney Banghart notched her 200th win , all within her Princeton tenure .	coach
female	1	"Swedish coach Pia Sundhage was more blunt in her assessment : "" I do n't give a crap ."	coach
female	6	"Of her signing Glasgow City head coach Eddie Wolecki Black said , "" This signing is significant , not only for the club but also the country ."	coach
female	8	Since 2011 , Māra has been a vocal coach herself .	coach
female	2	Her present coach Tarun Sardesai , and past coach Gaurav Diwan from KGA feel that she has the talent to achieve great things because of her natural aptitude for the game .	coach
female	5	At her initiative , a coach with a restaurant and a bar were included in the service .	coach
female	2	The Korean coach took Milagros as an example for the younger players , because of her spiking technique .	coach
female	4	Yvonne is a football coach and Ekroth played for her during her time at Djurgården .	coach
female	1	Previous coach , Faye Perkins , coached the Falcons for 22 years and she has led the team to numerous achievements during her tenure at the University of Wisconsin	coach
female	5	"Upon her signing , Flash coach Aaran Lines said , "" I 'm very excited to have Reynolds back with us for her second stint at the club after gaining valuable experience with SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga ."	coach
female	11	The siblings ' mother , Marion Murdoch , is a curling coach who was given a lifetime achievement award by Sportscotland in 2015 for her coaching work .	coach
female	14	A Swedish board of adjudicators found Haglund innocent of charges ( she alleged her coach had given her two pills he called ' vitamins ' ) but turned over their decision for further consideration to an international track and field tribunal assembled in Kingston , Jamaica , in 1982 .	coach
female	6	After her hiatus , her vocal coach , Giuseppe Boghetti , entered her in a contest where Marian won , beating about 300 other contestants .	coach
female	29	Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian , in hopes of joining their boys ' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex - boyfriend , Justin ( Robert Hoffman ) , wrong for suggesting cancellation of the ladies ' soccer team .	coach
female	2	"Prairie Ridge coach , Mike O'Brien said of her exceptional talent , "" She was very versatile , even as a sophomore ."	coach
female	1	"Her coach was quoted in "" The Age "" about her performance in the match , saying "" Bronwen Knox was excellent at centre back and the pressure allowed us to get steals and counter - attacks . """	coach
female	5	"Of her performance , Stanford coach Paul Ratcliffe said , "" Levin is an incredible player ."	coach
female	5	Before long , a tennis coach convinced her to switch racquets and she started playing tennis at age 10 .	coach
female	11	Because of her height , former Chilean goalkeeper and then - coach Marco Cornez advised her to switch her position to goalkeeper .	coach
female	18	Bergqvist continued to train in several athletic events until she was 15 years old , when a new coach , Bengt Jönsson , came to her club , Turebergs FK .	coach
female	5	has been Nancy Jr. 's coach throughout her career and now her brother , Jeffrey Peltz Jr. ( who goes by Jeffrey Swider - Peltz in the speedskating world ) has begun speedskating .	coach
female	27	Rather than force 26-year - old assistant Chris Graves , who only two years ' coaching experience , to lead the team , Phillips named herself interim coach for the Tigers ' game against Austin Peay .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fourth season at GSU .	coach
female	20	Heather and Heidi are both attending the school to play volleyball rather than basketball , but the girls ' basketball coach notices Heather because of her height .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her first season at GSU .	coach
female	1	"A coach driver helped her to her feet and alerted the Austrian concierge of the Beau - Rivage , a man named Planner , who had been watching the empress 's progress toward the "" Genève "" ."	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , German head coach Xavier Reckinger named Maertens in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	10	Following her consecutive fourth - place finishes , Hoff 's coach , Paul Yetter , held that she was having a good meet and denied she had peaked too early .	coach
female	1	Her coach , according to Lui , sexually assaulted her 10 years ago during her primary school age .	coach
female	6	She manipulates Claire into telling the coach because she ca not because she lost to Dina to be field hockey coach and it would look like `` sour grapes '' .	coach
female	18	Enderlein said that her fast breakthrough as a top driver was the result of the team , her coach and her training as a mechanic .	coach
female	1	Star coach of the Adelaide Thunderbirds , Marg Angove , saw her potential and recruited her .	coach
female	19	Mendes was `` so ashamed '' by her performance in the film that she decided to hire an acting coach so that she would not `` squirm '' when watching herself in future roles .	coach
female	1	The coach gets so annoyed that she calls Zombie Man back in to eat her .	coach
female	2	Her university coach had never seen her play before she came to play for the team .	coach
female	5	Soon she meets the fencing coach , Professor Cole , who is also responsible for the literature classes , and her mate Eliza becomes jealous over his treatment of Charlotte .	coach
female	20	After Mikey and the others grill other suspects , Reiko fesses up , then uncouples the gang ' s train coach from the rest of the train so she can complete her revenge on Mitsuki .	coach
female	27	Sophomore SeasonAfter a freshman year in which she played primarily the three spot , making just one start in her 20 games played , Zurich asked her coach what she could do to get more playing time and contribute .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Danny Holdcroft , and she uses a BlackRoc sled .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her second season at GSU .	coach
female	13	His 31-year - old daughter , Carol Solomon , is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her thirteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	13	Among the fatalities were nine - times U.S. ladies ' champion , turned coach , Maribel Vinson - Owen and her two daughters : reigning U.S. ladies ' champion Laurence Owen , aged sixteen , and her 20-year - old sister , reigning U.S. pairs champion Maribel Owen , both of whom had won gold medals at the 1961 U.S. Figure Skating Championships in Colorado Springs just two weeks earlier .	coach
female	4	Spencer 's field hockey coach is her sister 's ex - boyfriend , Ian , whom both Ali and Spencer had a crush on ( he liked Ali more ) .	coach
female	4	The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him .	coach
female	3	Pavuk 's first coach was István Simon and she also spent summers training with Igor Tchiniaev .	coach
female	4	A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Sandeep Kirtane , who happens to be a Davis Cup player recognized her talent .	coach
female	2	Their head coach was Joanne P. McCallie in her 11th season at Duke .	coach
female	1	Assistant coach Kim Cameron is finishing out her fifth year with the Women 's Basketball team after being appointed to the position in September 2005 .	coach
female	5	"Of her signing , head coach Laura Harvey said , "" We wanted to sign Amanda early to demonstrate our commitment to helping her develop into a key part of our squad ."	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Christian Baude and she uses an FES sled .	coach
female	10	She took to fencing at age 10 after a fencing coach from CSM Brașov went to her school and noticed the sport would suit her well .	coach
female	11	Her father Ethiraj works for Air India and was a tennis coach and her mother Purnima , was a school teacher .	coach
female	11	"Durbin sang "" Il Bacio "" for the studio 's vocal coach , who was stunned by her "" mature soprano "" voice ."	coach
female	13	She struggled with injuries and had conflicts with both her long - time coach and her skating federation .	coach
female	2	"Her vocal coach , Sally Stevens , commended her dedication : "" She was singing these songs in a very exposed way -- no strings or lush orchestrations to hide behind , just a piano ."	coach
female	6	She travels on tour with her coach or her sister ( and best friend )	coach
female	7	Towards the end of July , her coach had suggested that she was ready for an Ironman , despite the relatively low volume of her training .	coach
female	4	While there , a coach noticed her tennis ability and urged her to acquire more training .	coach
female	7	"Despite her extensive training , the vocal coach felt it was important that Susie 's voice sound "" pleasant "" but still untrained ."	coach
female	1	Sting coach Robyn Broughton featured in her 100th game , as the Sting ran winners .	coach
female	13	Lisa Haley ( born Lisa Jordan ) is a women 's ice hockey coach from Westville , Nova Scotia in Pictou County Among her achievements as a coach , she was part of the coaching staff for the Canadian national women 's team that won the gold medal at the 2014 Sochi Winter Games .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Craig Deans , praised her debut performance and her patience in waiting for her opportunity in the senior team .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach is Melanie Balcomb , in her fourteenth season at Vanderbilt .	coach
female	15	After football practice , Diane wanders into the male showers completely naked , and the coach calls her father to pick her up .	coach
female	1	Inaugural coach Robyn Broughton continued her role in her fourth year , while Wendy Frew and Liana Leota were appointed as co - captains .	coach
female	43	Since then , discrimination issues include the handling of death threats in 1992 and 2001 , controversy around LGBT issues , and the investigation of a 2006 sexual discrimination lawsuit filed by former Lady Lions basketball player Jennifer Harris , alleging that head coach Rene Portland dismissed her from the team in part due to her perceived sexual orientation .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Urta Rozenstruik and she rides a Bromley sled .	coach
female	25	Movie Retriever gave the film one and a half out of two , and wrote `` Jamie -LRB- Rubin -RRB- is a struggling actress whose coach Talbert -LRB- Firth -RRB- guarantees success as long as she follows his bizarre training methods , which include seduction , abuse , and betrayal .	coach
female	13	"In January 2020 , Pearce was reinstated as Melbourne captain , with Melbourne coach Mick Stinear saying , "" With her knowledge of our game plan , and her ability to instruct , support and give feedback on and off the field , she 's just the ideal person to lead this group "" ."	coach
female	40	Some theorized that the media 's continued interest regarding her weight and the pressure of success at 19 years of age , in addition to her on - court breakdown and her parents ' divorce , as well as her coach 's walking out in the middle of the match , led to this breakdown .	coach
female	3	Women 's Varsity coach , Lin James , reached her 600th career game on December 10 , 2012 in her 46th season .	coach
female	4	Afterwards , a volleyball coach of Bodindecha ( Sing Singhaseni ) School in Bangkok was so impressed by her playing that he brought her to the school during her high - school level .	coach
female	1	Her coach is Goran Obradović and she is a member of the Athletic Club Vojvodina in Novi Sad .	coach
female	12	As a child , Darya engaged in artistic gymnastics , but the coach did not see in her talent gymnasts .	coach
female	7	After the 2013 season , Rowbury 's coach , John Cook , retired , and she switched coaches to Alberto Salazar , becoming a member of the Nike Oregon Project .	coach
female	2	Her first coach from 1974 to 1977 , Arvydas Gražiūnas , saw her great potential and guided her in the right direction .	coach
female	3	Luckily , her coach was nearby , and she took his pole , which was too long .	coach
female	21	The winner of the women 's marathon Wang Jiali was later subject to a doping failure and both her and her coach were banned for life as a result ( her second such infraction ) .	coach
female	1	Head coach Maria Lewis returns for her second season .	coach
female	1	"Her coach , Lorraine Borman , was called the "" Wizard of Roz "" and established her student 's artistry as her strong point in her skating ."	coach
female	12	Her father , Ronald Vetter , is a long - standing athletics coach and her mother , Gerda Vetter - Blokziel a two - time Dutch javelin champion .	coach
female	11	Following her performance in the FIH Pro League , Germany head coach Xavier Reckinger named Grote in the final squad for the 2019 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Antwerp , Belgium .	coach
female	11	"In the latter mid-1980s Bassey had started working with a vocal coach , a former opera singer , and her album "" Keep the Music Playing "" ( 1991 ) displayed a grand , operatic pop style on several songs ( perhaps also influenced by her album with the LSO seven years earlier ) ."	coach
female	11	In the series , Emma Woodhouse is reimagined as a lifestyle coach and matchmaker who is filming herself for the future documentary about her life .	coach
female	2	"Both her coach , Ravi Walia , and her choreographer , Jeffrey Buttle , suggested "" La boheme "" as an alternative to further develop her performance ability , and this was ultimately adopted ."	coach
female	14	However , at the last moment Mary changes her mind and lets the stage coach depart with her luggage .	coach
female	6	Upon arriving there , a soccer coach , Eric Richman , immediately catches Bridget 's attention and she relentlessly pursues him , despite the camp 's anti - fraternizing policy .	coach
female	6	"Prior interventions , including a sleep coach and "" letting Sophia cry it out , "" did not change her sleep pattern ."	coach
female	14	After retreating to local club De Boemel , a few months later her former coach visited her matches during the national Dutch youth championships in Sneek .	coach
female	1	The coach agreed to let her try out for the team , and in doing so she beat her opponent and became the first girl to play tennis for the high school , which gained little attention to her surprise .	coach
female	18	She thanked St. Therese at the kiss and cry after her short program in Nagano , and her coach held a small statue of St. Therese during her long program .	coach
female	8	By her third year , De La Salle coach , Hans Smit took notice of Benitez .	coach
female	2	Lalla 's coach tells her that she will never be a good enough figure skater to succeed in competitions , but that she could be a fantastic show skater and performer ; whereas Harriet has potential to be a great skater one day , as she is better at the figures required to do well .	coach
female	21	Having pursued the sport since the age of eighteen , Skoko - Celic has been training throughout her shooting career under coach and her eventual husband Zvonimir Kovačević at SC Osijek 1874 .	coach
female	4	The team 's head coach was Beth Van Fleet in her fifth season at GSU .	coach
female	8	After her second season in Philadelphia , team coach Mark Krikorian traded Clemens to San Jose CyberRays in exchange for a fourth round draft pick , which he used to acquire Hope Solo .	coach
female	1	Her coach , Elsa Louis , recognized her potential and allowed her to participate in training camps with the French Gymnastics Federation .	coach
female	6	"Of her signing , Spirit head coach Mark Parsons said , "" Estefania is an exceptional talent and I do not think there is a player like her in the league ."	coach
female	9	Her older sister , Linda , is an assistant coach and her younger sister , Sham , is a team - mate .	coach
female	5	Mauch became her sport climbing coach , her sponsoring agent , her regular belayer , and her partner in travelling and in life .	coach
female	12	Because of her fast skiing times , Germany 's cross - country coach , Jochen Behle , called her up as a late replacement for the freestyle sprint at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec , Czech Republic .	coach
female	8	"Following her 2010 world record , her former coach Brett Sutton described Wellington as "" a person of true international sporting excellence that is overshadowed by no one in any other sport . """	coach
female	7	After her striking defeat , Ye 's coach Suh Joung - buk apparently hit one of the athletes with a punch inside the judo hall , resulting the coach to be sent home from the Games in disgrace .	coach
female	8	"Upon her retirement , US women 's head coach Craig Parnham praised Crandall as a "" international powerhouse . """	coach
female	4	Tatiana Nabieva 's assistant coach Alexander Kiryashov contested Nabieva 's reduced start value on her first vault .	coach
female	7	"Of her draft selection , Dash head coach Randy Waldrum said , "" I could n't have asked for things to fall into place so well ."	coach
female	32	"As a primary care patient at Dartmouth Health Connect , whose mission is "" bringing humanity back to health care , "" Mollie receives exemplary person-centered care from her physician , health coach and behavioral health specialist ."	coach
female	10	A girl named Kinshey wants to be taller because her coach wo n't let her play in basketball games .	coach
female	2	Her first coach , Wilbur Folsom , encouraged her to switch from a left - handed grip to right and she soon became a baseline specialist with tremendous power and accuracy , and a strong backhand .	coach
female	5	On the contrary , the coach of the Duke Women 's Lacrosse team has expressed her sense of camaraderie that exists between the men 's and women 's team ; members of the men 's team , for example , consistently come to the women 's games .	coach
female	16	On 1 November 2019 she announced on Instagram that Raemon Sluiter would no longer be her coach and Elise Tamaëla would be her new coach .	coach
female	2	"Renowned tennis coach Nick Bollettieri saw South play during her first round match against his charge , Michelle Larcher de Brito , at the 2008 French Open and commented : "" "" She can serve well and has good ground strokes ."	coach
female	10	At her first game for the Dragons , Welsh national coach Rhys Edwards was present and later said he had taken note when at her first touch of the ball , she ran for a try .	coach
female	7	Despite her progress , her school swimming coach did not regard her as suitable for the Nundah Primary School team , and went to the trouble of filming her breaststroke technique to show the other children what not to do .	coach
female	2	Her personal coach is Kathi Wichterle , and she rides an FES sled .	coach
female	9	While there during her final season , her university coach was Lerew Jay .	coach
female	14	Fedorkina first took up rowing when she was ten years old after a rowing coach did a presentation of the sport at her school , but she found it boring .	coach
female	6	Leo is not only her soccer coach but also her father figure .	coach
female	14	"Prior to her next Grand Prix assignment , the 2013 NHK Trophy , her coach Li Mingzhu stated , "" She 's getting taller and bigger , but losing power and coordination "" and said it was affecting her self - confidence ."	coach
female	13	She grew up playing badminton and only switched over to tennis because a coach saw her potential for the sport .	coach
female	2	Her vocal coach was Gustave Garcia and she had the opportunity to sing at a Royal College of Music concert in July 1898 .	coach
male	2	"As a coach scouting his next opponent and obviously not an actual Plano East fan , he explained his reaction by saying , "" I could see it developing and what was going to happen ."	coach
male	21	This match was the last one in Hugo Gatti 's ( Boca 's goalkeeper ) career , as the team 's coach ( José Omar Pastoriza ) took him out of the starting lineup for his mistake in Maciel 's goal .	coach
male	13	"After his breakout senior season , University of Iowa head men 's basketball coach "" Pops "" Harrison offered him a full scholarship to play for the Hawkeyes ."	coach
male	1	The coach resigned from his position less than a month after the World T20 , where the team won just two out of seven matches .	coach
male	29	Further demonstrating his versatility , during the 2006 preseason he lined up as an emergency quarterback ; when questioned as to why Brown had appeared there , the head coach of the Patriots , Bill Belichick , joked that he had lined Brown up there `` to develop his legend '' .	coach
male	20	After a 4 - 6 start , general manager Mark Binstein fired McMahon for unknown reasons and named himself head coach .	coach
male	1	England coach Alf Ramsey duly tried out Cohen for his international debut a month later in a 2–1 win over Uruguay .	coach
male	3	His former Mountaineers coach , Rich Rodriguez , stated that he was `` an embarrassment to himself and the program '' for his conduct .	coach
male	13	After the Leafs scored their sixth goal , the Red Wings ' head coach , Brad Park , sent his players over the boards , and Leafs head coach Dan Maloney followed suit .	coach
male	1	"Michigan coach Fritz Crisler called Renda the "" greatest football player in America for his height . """	coach
male	5	"Former US national team head coach Bruce Arena , who was introduced to BigSoccer by his successor Bob Bradley , said the site "" helps me with some reports from Guatemala ."	coach
male	4	In 2002 , head coach Noel Boucher , for his work on Wampus Cat Field , was selected as the District 6 Groundkeeper / Field of the Year by the National High School Baseball Coaches of America .	coach
male	10	Scates ' interest in volleyball began when his college football coach required his players to try out for a volleyball team to stay in shape during the off season .	coach
male	3	Toure 's volleyball coach attempted to get him to give up basketball , but he refused .	coach
male	11	Collinsworth was moved to wide receiver , where his new position coach was former Gator quarterback Steve Spurrier in his first year as a coach .	coach
male	2	The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies his first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2 .	coach
male	8	He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit .	coach
male	36	The 2011 season started poorly with Aalesund losing against Fredrikstad partly due to a bad goal kick by Grytebust , but after his match - winning saves against Viking and Stabæk , the team 's head coach Kjetil Rekdal also predicted Grytebust would be the next national team goalkeeper .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his ninth year at Michigan .	coach
male	2	National team coach Siggi Eyjólfsson selected Hólmfríður in his Iceland squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .	coach
male	2	New Chilean coach Marcelo Bielsa called Isla up at the age of 19 for his first full Chile senior squad international cap in September 2007 in a friendly against Switzerland versus his club - mate Gökhan Inler .	coach
male	1	Head coach , Brian Davies , lead his team to an undefeated winning streak for the regular season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Paul Johnson returns for his eighth year at the helm of the program .	coach
male	8	He met his wife , Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer Natalia Dubova , when he came to one of her competitions as a sportswriter .	coach
male	7	On his way home , his head coach of the futsal team UPI Sergey Bannikov , who offered Zuev to become part of the OIP and to pursue a career in his club , was waiting for Sergey at the Yekaterinburg railway station .	coach
male	8	In his second season , newly hired Head Coach Andy Reid named Trotter the starting middle linebacker .	coach
male	11	In his 29 seasons at the helm of the program , Coach Fairall has been honoured 65 times as either the CIS national coach of the year or the OUA Provincial Coach of the Year in Track and Field and Cross Country .	coach
male	7	Upon his dismissal from Indiana , head coach Bob Knight predicted that with his departure advertisements would soon find their way into The Assembly Hall .	coach
male	3	The current head coach of the All Blacks , Ian Foster , was an assistant coach to his predecessor Steve Hansen who held the position from 2012 until 2019 .	coach
male	2	Then - coach and general manager Don Nelson went out of his way to hire Thomas as an assistant coach .	coach
male	7	On December 12 , 2007 , head coach Bobby Petrino resigned from his position after only 13 games where the Falcons finished with a 3–10 record .	coach
male	20	The promotion brought an end to Carolan 's 13-year stewardship of the province 's academy , with former Connacht head coach Eric Elwood named as his replacement in May 2017 .	coach
male	8	Shortly before the 2004 season began , head coach and GM Les Bartley announced that he was fighting colon cancer , and was stepping down .	coach
male	9	This was Stagg 's 46th year as a head coach and his third at College of the Pacific .	coach
male	10	After taking the club to a 1–9 record , head coach Jim Champion was relieved of his duties , and on September 24 , assistant coach Jackie Parker was promoted to head coach .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mark Gottfried in his second season .	coach
male	21	""" He 's done so much for basketball at Marquette and all through the state of Wisconsin , "" Chicago Bulls coach Jim Boylan said of his longtime friend . """	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Will Wade , in his second season at LSU .	coach
male	6	The following month Perth Thunder head coach Dave Kenway stepped down from his position due to family and work commitments .	coach
male	23	In 2007 , the Steele Sports Center was opened on the campus of High Point University , named after the Panthers ' prolific coach and his wife , Kitty Steele , who was also a coach at High Poin .	coach
male	5	In his absence , assistant coach Lance Noble served as interim head coach .	coach
male	48	Bowerman and Knight , who were runners themselves , recognized the situation that their sport existed in , so they decided to take the meager profits from their fledgling Nike company to try to reignite competitive running in the U.S. They recruited Harry Johnson , a high school coach who was known for his warden - like demeanor and rigorous training tactics .	coach
male	3	"Former Celtics head coach Doc Rivers praised Young for his "" incredible work ethic "" and "" great basketball mind "" ."	coach
male	4	He later became head coach himself for sometime .	coach
male	9	He was graded in 1974 with Brisbane Norths whose coach Tommy Bishop recommended him to the Cronulla Sharks in Sydney where he spent the 1975 season .	coach
male	0	Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland .	coach
male	3	Alabama ' s coach , Bear Bryant , said he preferred calling the game the Brag Bowl , since the winner ' s fans got to brag all year long .	coach
male	1	His coach is Ning On Sze , and he lives in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .	coach
male	1	Assistant coach Ian MacLeod was announced as his interim replacement as head coach .	coach
male	24	Running backs coaches from the Houston Texans , Cincinnati Bengals , and Arizona Cardinals attended Azusa ’s pro day , with the Texans ' coach primarily running his workout .	coach
male	3	Former Australia sevens coach Andy Friend was named as his replacement in May 2018 , joining on a three - year contract .	coach
male	11	"In the days after his death , former Miami Dolphins head coach Don Shula praised Reggie Roby , saying "" his booming kicks often helped us win the field position battle . """	coach
male	9	"Jarrett Bell of "" USA Today "" claimed the coach had "" outsmarted himself , "" while Bill Simmons , ESPN.com writer and Patriots fan , asked "" What the fuck was Belichick thinking "" and compared the entire ordeal to "" riding in the passenger seat of a friend 's car and watching helplessly as he plows over a pedestrian "" ."	coach
male	2	"Former Estudiantes coach Carlos Bilardo , who is noted for his superstitions , argued that "" Mambrú "" was a poor choice ( "" Mambrú "" is the subject of a children 's song that relates how the Duke of Marlborough died fighting a war ) ."	coach
male	7	Some speculate that the then - Polish coach , Imre Pozsonyi from Hungary , used his influence to convince his fellow countrymen to get in touch with the Poles .	coach
male	8	Upon his trade to the Pirates , pitching coach Wally Whitehurst recommended that Locke change his pitching style to incorporate a turn toward first base .	coach
male	7	"Despite losing 1–0 , Shillong Lajong head coach , Des Bulpin , praised Khiangte for his performance stating : "" He was excellent and deserved to play along with his seniors today "" ."	coach
male	9	In 1966 , Howard took over as the head coach himself .	coach
male	11	During his time as a player in Morelia , Mexico U-17 coach Jesús Ramírez spotted young Aldrete and gave him a spot in the Mexico team in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup , which Mexico would win .	coach
male	4	In 2005 , Storm coach Craig Bellamy , in his third season as an NRL coach , gained representative honours when he was selected to start coaching the Country Origin team .	coach
male	6	The series follows a temperamental basketball coach who is fired from his current job and ends up in an elite girl 's private high school .	coach
male	2	The head coach was coaching the Volunteers in his first season .	coach
male	5	In this round , each coach chooses two contestants from the remaining seven in his team that should interpret solo a song chosen by the coach .	coach
male	8	Before the game in St. Petersburg , head coach Vardan Minasyan included Badoyan in his list for the upcoming match against Russia .	coach
male	1	"His coach , the former "" yokozuna "" Takanohana , made an arrangement with Sato 's high school that he would continue to attend school when not participating in official tournaments ."	coach
male	10	Danny then , in his first year of being head coach achieved promotion into the super league .	coach
male	11	Shortly after his first full season with the Seahawks , head coach Jim L. Mora was fired on January 8 , 2010 .	coach
male	2	Mexico head coach José Manuel de la Torre listed Brizuela in Mexico 's 35-man preliminary squad for the Gold Cup due to his good performances with Atlas .	coach
male	1	Gators coach Will Muschamp was Eastern Kentucky 's secondary coach in 1999 in his second season as a full - time assistant coach .	coach
male	4	North Korea ' s coach , Kim Jong-Hun , informed the media that he received `` regular tactical advice during matches '' from Kim Jong-il `` using mobile phones that are not visible to the naked eye '' and purportedly developed by the Supreme Leader himself .	coach
male	2	Current Iowa coach , and 2002 AP National Coach of the Year Kirk Ferentz began his head coaching career at Maine .	coach
male	5	The Cougars ' head baseball coach since 1991 , Ralph Pacifico , won his 300th game in 2007 .	coach
male	1	"Oxford coach Topolski said of his successful crew : "" they got three [ lengths ] up , then they really sat on it and cruised ."	coach
male	7	Later at an awards ceremony , the coach , Duke Goulding ( Martin Sheen ) presents the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) award to Odin for his efforts , an award he shares with his teammate Michael Cassio ( Andrew Keegan ) .	coach
male	5	His first championship title as coach came in June 2006 and then one month later , he led the club to the conquest of the Supercupa României .	coach
male	0	Coach Harp lived in Lawrence , Kansas until his death in March 2000 .	coach
male	2	The OPC coach shared his view about breaking down complicated Chinese words into small parts , given that the child was able to write simple Chinese words .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was George O'Leary , in his sixth season with the team .	coach
male	8	In 1993 , the USA national team head coach Bora Milutinović brought him into his staff to be the goalkeepers coach .	coach
male	8	From 1971 until his death in 1998 , Coach Shoot personally handed out the trophies to the young recipients , assisted by his wife Gwendolyn .	coach
male	8	In 1997 , Becker was elevated to head coach of the Bison , where he served from 1997-99 .	coach
male	4	Ohio State ' s coach , John Wilce , was so upset by the loss that he made his squad stay on the field after the game for a special practice session .	coach
male	22	He previously served as a women 's assistant coach and Director of Men 's Basketball Operations at Loyola and was an assistant coach on the high school level at Loyola Academy from 1994 to 1996 and his alma mater , St. Ignatius , from 1999 to 2001 .	coach
male	17	After a 6–4 record in 1958 , the movement to dismiss Brennan gained momentum , and the coach was fired along with his entire staff in mid - December ; Hugh Devore was eventually retained .	coach
male	12	Although rumours circled in the media regarding the possibility of Brazil 's coach Tite calling Jorginho up to his squad in autumn 2017 , as he had not yet appeared for Italy in a competitive match , Jorginho denied rumours that he wanted to switch to the Brazilian national team .	coach
male	7	They used sticks and batons against the coach and his players .	coach
male	26	At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain .	coach
male	1	The coach at the time , Rajendran , liked what he saw of the then striker , who also played as a centre-back at Tampines Rovers FC , and based on his performance invited Zulfadli to play for his NFA Under 15s the following year .	coach
male	15	Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA , as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home .	coach
male	18	In November 2011 , after the World Cup in New Zealand , Nick Mallett 's contract as head coach of Italy expired and he returned to Cape Town with Frenchman Jacques Brunel taking over the Italy job .	coach
male	16	Despite the on court success there was controversy at the club during the 1986 season with coach Ken Cole suspended towards the end of the regular season by the club board over his smoking of marijuana joint during a road trip to Brisbane , a situation that Cole was open about and never denied .	coach
male	6	In April 2004 , while a coach with former club Manchester United and in his 43rd year , he was brought in as emergency goalkeeping cover by Hereford United for a Conference fixture .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Bruce Pearl , in his second season at Auburn .	coach
male	13	Again , the timing was perfect and on November 22 , South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced his retirement and , during his final press conference , hinted that Spurrier might replace him .	coach
male	2	The team coach noticed his speed and asked if Williams would join the track team .	coach
male	2	The current coach is Jeff Tambroni in his fifth year at that position , who was hired after a successful run as head coach at Cornell , including coaching Cornell to a close loss in the 2009 NCAA finals .	coach
male	14	Although he trained with the team , he was omitted from playing as the coach , Jo Rauto , thought he was too small and would get hurt .	coach
male	6	The Tide was led by head coach Mike Shula entering his fourth year at Alabama .	coach
male	33	In 1925 , Maclean ' s named him the top right wing when it determined its all-star team of the game ' s greatest players , an opinion shared by his former junior coach , who stated that he was `` as good as any player to ever patrol a wing position '' .	coach
male	28	He was n't heavily recruited from college basketball teams because it was thought he would play football at the next level instead , but then - Marquette head coach Kevin O'Neill was persistent in his recruitment , and eventually Miller signed to play for the Warriors .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Fielding H. Yost in his 12th year at Michigan .	coach
male	24	The Bucks officially released him in July 1986 , and McDowell transferred to Spanish team CB Zaragoza , joining fellow American Claude Riley : coach Manel Comas chose McDowell for his defending and rebounding skills , along with his powerful physique .	coach
male	2	Their head coach , Kevin Borseth , was in the third season of his second stint at Green Bay and 12th overall at the school .	coach
male	1	Head coach Andy Reid played Jarrad Page in his place and he remained the starter ahead of Coleman for the next two games ( Weeks 4–5 ) .	coach
male	6	On 14 February , Iran 's coach Carlos Queiroz announced on his Facebook that Dejagah has gone trough [ sic ] surgery .	coach
male	4	Cordy went to senior coach and alongside his role at the Garn he helped coach the Monmouthshire Union and Monmouthshire County Sides .	coach
male	25	"The Bulls also received their first - ever votes in the "" USA Today "" Coaches ' Poll after winning the MAC Championship when UTEP coach Mike Price voted the Bulls # 23 on his ballot ."	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Kelvin Sampson , in his first season with the Hoosiers .	coach
male	1	My coach , John MacInnes , told me that he had talked to the Detroit Red Wings the day before and said that they were interested in me .	coach
male	1	Head coach Alva Kelley returned for his second year , leading the team to an identical 2–7 record .	coach
male	9	Nevertheless , he retained his position as the head coach of both Hv i ti Riddarinn and the Afturelding reserve side , which meant he would coach three teams in addition to his role as a player .	coach
male	12	He took up rowing at the age of 13 after a rowing coach came to his school and had him try an ergometer .	coach
male	2	The Geelong coach , Reg Hickey , moved Spencer on after only two weeks , and he settled at Melbourne .	coach
male	9	As of 2012 , Laycock is still the head coach and is in his 35th consecutive year at William & Mary .	coach
male	3	Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team , the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23–11 victory .	coach
male	1	"Brisbane coach , Leigh Matthews praised Dalziell as his performance was "" beyond wildest dream "" and was surprised by his ability to adapt quickly to the game ."	coach
male	1	Head coach David Eller returned for his 18th year of coaching at Miege in 2008 .	coach
male	13	Primus was playing in various positions until the club ' s youth team coach , Colin Clarke , decided that he should play as a centre back , `` I see you as a centre back , that way you can see everything you want in front of you '' .	coach
male	19	It was not until league commissioner Gary Bettman was on the ice to hand out the trophies that Buffalo coach Lindy Ruff returned to his bench and began screaming at Bettman to explain why the goal had not been reviewed .	coach
male	1	Head coach Bradley Dale Peveto , a former Houston defensive coordinator and assistant head coach , led the Demons in his first game ever .	coach
male	11	In February 2018 , the club announced that the most successful coach of the club 's history , Ambros Martín wo n't extend his contract and will leave the team after the 2017–18 season .	coach
male	1	His coach removes him from his usual forward position , holding him back as a reserve on defence .	coach
male	15	"Following his performance during Kettering 's win over York City in October , player - coach Paul Furlong commented that "" Gareth Bale is the same sort of player as Serge ."	coach
male	10	Votes are based on 150 points in total : Each coach would place his 50 points between his final 2 contestants .	coach
male	4	However , no head coach lasts very long at Auburn without beating arch-rival Alabama , which he failed to do in five attempts ; he was dismissed as head coach following the 1980 season .	coach
male	41	During the break between quarters , former Virginia Tech Head Coach , Frank Beamer was honored at mid - field with an ovation from the crowd for his contributions to college football in his 29 years as the Hokies ' head coach and for his instrumental role in creating the Battle at Bristol .	coach
male	21	It is believed to be the first time in South Carolina high school football history that a first year head football coach led his program to a state title in its first year of fielding a team .	coach
male	12	Physicians believed Adão 's career to be prematurely ended when Flamengo 's coach , Cláudio Coutinho ( who was himself a physical fitness expert ) asked his club to sign Adão .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Thad Matta , then in his fifth season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	3	"EIU offensive line coach and recruiting coordinator Clancy Barone praised Pace for his speed and athleticism , saying he "" showed good toughness on film . """	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Pop Warner in his eighth season .	coach
male	5	In his place , assistant coach Glen Gulutzan ( former Dallas Stars head coach ) stepped up to run the training camp .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Allen Edwards in his first year .	coach
male	5	"Despite the impressive win , coach Schembechler was characteristically guarded in his post - game press conference : "" We did n't play well ."	coach
male	5	For his success , head coach Jeff Rekeweg was named the 2010 NAIA National Coach of the Year .	coach
male	4	After Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill suffered his fourth game day seizure in his tenure at Minnesota during halftime of a game against Western Illinois on September 13 , 2013 , Souhan wrote a column in which he called for Kill to step down .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Travis Ford in his third season at Saint Louis .	coach
male	11	Shortly after Gibron ended his playing career , Washington Redskins head coach Mike Nixon hired him as his line coach .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach , Daniel Anderson , had originally picked Warrington Wolves fullback Brett Hodgson in his starting line - up but due to an injury he had to call up Hull Kingston Rovers fullback Shannon McDonnell as a replacement the day before the match ; also Setaimata Sa was supposed to start in the centre but again due to injury he had to be replaced by Daryl Millard .	coach
male	10	In April that year , he asked his former USFL coach , Dick Coury , then the quarterbacks coach for the Rams , if he could work out for the team if he got into shape , and impressed Coury and head coach John Robinson enough to earn a contract .	coach
male	6	The only restriction : an NCAA coach can not manage his own college player during the summer .	coach
male	1	The coach hinted he might alter his approach too , after feedback from the leadership group that he needed to be tougher .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Tom Crean in his first year at Georgia .	coach
male	9	"On September 18 , the club announced that head coach Lindholm stepped down from his position , citing "" work in the athletic department at Bard College required his full dedication "" with former captain , Jamal Lis - Simmons , named head coach on September 24 , 2018 ."	coach
male	1	His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer .	coach
male	13	Despite his injury and lack of play in the 2013/2014 season , Polish coach Antiga appointed Żygadło to the national team in summer 2014 .	coach
male	3	Slovenian team head coach Igor Kokoškov was coaching against his home country of Serbia .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his eighth straight season and tenth overall .	coach
male	6	He is a UEFA A Licence Coach , holds a BSc in Sport Coaching and Exercise Science and he has represented Republic of Ireland at Senior International Level .	coach
male	6	Before his junior season , strength coach Marco Candido repositioned Dillard as the replacement for left tackle Joe Dahl .	coach
male	9	Prior to the game , previously suspended running backs coach Reno Ferri had resigned from his position , effective November 1 .	coach
male	14	He had privately expressed interest in the job in early October , when Florida coach Galen Hall was fired mid - season for his alleged involvement in an NCAA rules violation and prominent Gator boosters reached out to Spurrier .	coach
male	18	However , Avezzano was fired from the Cowboys staff that season , and subsequently resigned as Desperados head coach when he accepted a job with the Oakland Raiders .	coach
male	8	As reporters besiege Paterno 's home , the coach tells his family that when a distraught Mike McQueary told him in 2001 about seeing Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the men 's shower room on campus , he did his legal duty by telling Curley and Schultz .	coach
male	4	At 12 , his coach HS Kamath saw his exceptional dedication as a player and kept him motivated for the best .	coach
male	2	Wisconsin assistant coach Ellis Rainsberger returned to his alma mater to serve as head football coach from 1975 to 1977 .	coach
male	1	Head coach Dan Henning was going into his fourth year having failed to post a record above .500 in any of his first three seasons .	coach
male	18	Haywood Scissum ( November 19 , 1924 – August 28 , 1995 ) was the 11th head football coach aet Tuskegee University in Tuskegee , Alabama and he held that position for 11 seasons , from 1970 until 1980 .	coach
male	16	Toadie starts a Twitter account for the baby and tries to be Sonya ' s birthing coach as he feels left out of the pregnancy .	coach
male	7	Hallman 's last home game as LSU coach came against his former employer , Southern Mississippi .	coach
male	27	"Just days after playing their seventh game of the season , a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville , the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season . """	coach
male	4	Men 's basketball head coach Danny Miles retired after his 46th season at Oregon Tech and had accumulated a 1040 - 437 record ( 0.704 ) .	coach
male	6	In July 2017 , VM vocal coach and member Tony DeRosa , who performed with the group in their 2014 International championship performance , won his fourth Quartet Championship , this time with Main Street quartet .	coach
male	2	The stage coach itself originated as an abandoned coach that he encountered and sketched while hiking in the Catskils .	coach
male	2	Defensive line coach George Perles added the defensive coordinator role to his responsibility with the line .	coach
male	9	On April 10 , 2018 , Seton Hall assistant coach Shaheen Holloway was hired as his replacement .	coach
male	1	The coach Luis Hernán Carvallo arrived in his replace .	coach
male	1	His coach , Terry Murray , praised Doughty for his improvement during the season .	coach
male	8	He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job , Steve Sarkisian , for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season .	coach
male	1	Head coach and general manager Bryant Perrier , who initially reported the incident to the league , left his post shortly thereafter and also received an indefinite ban from the MJHL ( which has since been rescinded ) .	coach
male	30	The Philippine team 20-and - under mentor Joe Lipa became the new head coach of FedEx , replacing Bonnie Garcia , PBA Commissioner Noli Eala set conditions that the veteran coach must severe his ties with the national team after the SEABA championships in September , or if coincides with the PBA , coach Joe Lipa must file a leave of absence from the FedEx ballclub .	coach
male	20	NBK reached the national divisions in 1978 , after reaching promotion from the regional leagues in 1978 under new head coach , Scottish Don Mackay , who was mostly known for his tenure as a player for Dundee United .	coach
male	7	On January 10 , 2020 , head coach Dave Steckel was bought out of his contract with Missouri State after compiling a 13–42 record over five seasons .	coach
male	6	The Melbourne Mustangs announced that assistant coach Mark Connolly had stepped down from his position .	coach
male	15	It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football - crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit .	coach
male	6	Due to his injury , head coach Jason Garrett named Mike Jenkins and Orlando Scandrick the starting cornerbacks to begin the regular season .	coach
male	18	He spent his first two years mostly coming off the bench , but in his junior year , coach John Calipari decided to start him .	coach
male	1	The coach of the football team , who Ben maintains a friendly , almost familial relationship with , initially doubts his abilities but agrees to put him on the team nevertheless .	coach
male	4	The Panthers ' head coach was Jamie Dixon , in his 10th year as head coach and 14th overall at Pitt .	coach
male	1	Head coach Gary Kubiak entered his third year with the Texans .	coach
male	2	A former coach likened Mastour to former Inter midfielder Wesley Sneijder for his ability to orchestrate play from behind the forward line , but his ability in making the ball disappear with his tricks earned him comparisons with Ronaldinho and Neymar as well .	coach
male	4	After his recruitment , coach Dean Laidley did not guarantee Rawlings a senior game in 2006 , saying he had to earn his spot .	coach
male	5	For the Euro 2004 , coach Otto Rehhagel chose Antonis Nikopolidis as his starting keeper and Konstantinos Chalkias and Fanis Katergiannakis as substitutes , leaving Eleftheropoulos out of the roster .	coach
male	11	"- Gabarra epitomizes the speed , fitness and mental strength which coach Anson Dorrance demanded of his players . """	coach
male	2	The head coach was Bob Wenzel , then in his first season with the Scarlet Knights .	coach
male	9	On 15 June , Brisbane Roar W - League coach Jeff Hopkins would be announced as Rado Vidošićs right - hand man for the coming season , with his tactical knowledge and analytical skills being described as excellent and beneficial for everyone at the club .	coach
male	2	The Exiles coach Brian McLennan had originally picked Warrington Wolves centre Matt King in his starting line - up but due to King wanting to witness the birth of his child McLennan moved Sia Soliola from the second - row to centre , with Louis Anderson coming off the bench to start at second row , this allowed Glenn Morrison ( the 18th man ) to start on the bench .	coach
male	9	"He expressed some reservation about what his famous Collingwood coach , Jock McHale might think of his "" conversion "" to rugby union ."	coach
male	6	In his three seasons as head coach Jeff Brohm posted an outstanding 30–10 record , 17–2 at home , and 20–5 against Conference USA opponents .	coach
male	1	"Every coach makes mistakes , but when you say a kid ca n't play , and he scores 3,000 points , that 's a mistake . "" )"	coach
male	20	Levon Kirkland came aboard as the new defensive coordinator , while Quinn Gray returned for his second season as quarterback coach and his first season as offensive coordinator .	coach
male	2	"Later , Coach would gain his own column in the now defunct "" Raw Magazine "" ( "" Coach 's Corner "" ) and his own webcast on "" WWE.com "" ( "" CoachCast "" ) ."	coach
male	18	After receiving a contract extension through the 2021 season at the conclusion of the 2018 season , head coach Mike Schultz was relieved of his duties after the 2019 season completed .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Mike Davis , in his sixth and final season in charge of the Hoosiers .	coach
male	7	In 1935 , Faurot was named head coach of the Missouri Tigers , where he would remain until 1956 except for three years of service in the United States Navy during World War II .	coach
male	4	However , the football coach convinced him to try out for the football team , and he did .	coach
male	13	Due to his Macedonian background , in March 2010 Macedonia national football team coach Mirsad Jonuz officially stated his desire to have him play for Macedonia however this never materialised .	coach
male	9	He considered playing in junior college when the secondary coach from Boise State University suggested he enroll there , but as a walk on with no scholarship .	coach
male	1	His coach , Eddie Biedenbach , credited his hard work for the improvement .	coach
male	4	Long - time assistant coach and goaltending coach Jim Logue announced his retirement after twenty years of coaching .	coach
male	6	On 18 January 2014 , head coach Edgar Davids resigned from his role by mutual consent .	coach
male	11	This game was a bit of a grudge match because Florida coach , Urban Meyer had lobbied for his team to get into the BCS National Championship game over Michigan during the 2006 season .	coach
male	1	Head coach Danny Ainge returned for his third season as the team finished tied for third in the Pacific Division with a record of 27–23 in the shortened lockout season .	coach
male	1	National coach Antonio Cabrini omitted Di Criscio from his selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 , but called her into the squad when Elisabetta Tona was injured on the eve of the tournament .	coach
male	6	On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement , and the following day former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace him as offensive line coach .	coach
male	1	Indiana coach Tom Crean would frequently attribute Oladipo 's success to his extreme work ethic and pre - game preparation of reviewing film .	coach
male	8	On 30 August 2014 , new Italy head coach Antonio Conte named Florenzi in his first squad for the upcoming European qualifying matches .	coach
male	3	Soccer player , coach and managerSami became known nationally as a brilliant soccer player when he , together with three of his brothers -LRB- known as the Sami brothers -RRB- , helped lift his home soccer district team of Labasa from a struggling first division side to a serious contender for the Fiji Football Association competitions in the premier division , in the 1970s .	coach
male	17	Vidot started the 2015 NRL season in the Queensland Cup playing for the Ipswich Jets at when coach Wayne Bennett axed him due to his error riddled World Cup Series match against Wigan .	coach
male	3	An experienced head coach , Sweeney was hired in December 1975 , shortly after his resignation from Washington State of the Pac-8 Conference .	coach
male	14	"Roux came close to scoring with a stinging shot in the 75th minute and coach Ian Ferguson was pleased with his performance saying post match , "" I thought Storm Roux did well when he came on "" ."	coach
male	7	The first - ever women ’s rowing coach at Nova Southeastern University , John Gartin is entering his fourth season at the helm , after guiding the Sharks to its best finish in 2005–06 .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Tal Stafford coaching the team in his first season .	coach
male	13	From the very beginning , the talented boy attracted the attention of his coach , who was impressed with his attacking attributes and used him as a forward and later as a left winger .	coach
male	13	This was the 11th year with Wally Buono as the team 's head coach and his 15th year as general manager .	coach
male	6	During his tenure as Italy 's coach Velasco won two more European Championships , another World Championships and five World League in addition to other minor trophies liked , FIVB World Grand Champions Cup , Mediterranean Games , FIVB World Cup and World Super Challenge .	coach
male	21	Schilling says that his true love was basketball and that he would probably not have experimented with football , but the coach of the basketball team resigned right before his freshman season .	coach
male	4	Former Green Bay Packers coach Mike Sherman was announced as his replacement three days later .	coach
male	2	Subsequently , coach Bill Peters resigned from his position on April 20 , 2018 , to pursue a similar opportunity with the Calgary Flames ( he ultimately replaced Glen Gulutzan as the Flames ' head coach three days later ) , and the Hurricanes officially fired Francis from the organization altogether on April 30 , 2018 , leaving vacancies in both the head coach and general manager positions .	coach
male	9	He returned to Queensland in 1963 as captain - coach of the St. George district side in 1963 and his final playing year in 1964 as captain - coach was back with the Brisbane Brothers club where his career had started .	coach
male	12	Killingsworth chose to wear jersey number 4 at Auburn , and head coach Cliff Ellis gave him considerable playing time in his freshman year .	coach
male	11	After defeating the University of Dubuque in convincing fashion , the coach recorded his 200th victory at the university .	coach
male	15	His love of baseball drew him to the school 's baseball team , where the coach immediately recognized his potential .	coach
male	3	Former Aces assistant coach Dickie Bachmann has been tapped as his replacement .	coach
male	9	"In his post - game comments , Flyers head coach Terry Murray was quoted as saying the team was "" basically in a choking situation , "" which many observers interpreted as Murray having called out his own players as chokers ."	coach
male	8	In December 2016 , an Air Force Academy coach was using his Twitter account to post religious quotes .	coach
male	2	Vikings head coach Dennis Green was criticized for his decision to kneel on 3rd down and play for overtime instead of attempting to score before the end of regulation .	coach
male	5	The current Northern Ireland Under-19 coach , originally from West Belfast , began his football career as a goalkeeper with little - known Down and Connor League side team St. Agnes ' , before moving on to play as an outfield player for works team Post Office Social Club .	coach
male	1	Pitching coach Mike Sturgeon trained Boston Red Sox pitcher Rick Porcello during his days at Seton Hall Preparatory School .	coach
male	15	After his impressive displays for Argentinos Juniors in the 1985 Copa Libertadores , the Argentine coach Carlos Bilardo called Batista up for a friendly against Mexico on 14 November 1985 in a game that ended in a 1 - 1 draw .	coach
male	2	Montreal head coach Jacques Demers held himself to a promise he made to goaltender Patrick Roy earlier in the season and kept him as the starting goaltender despite a couple of weak goals allowed in the first two games of the series against the Nordiques .	coach
male	11	"Regarding his skill level and creativity , his first Canucks head coach , Marc Crawford , heralded him as one of "" a handful of players in this game who can take a play where there 's nothing ... and turn it into a scoring chance "" ."	coach
male	7	"In his second season , LA Clippers coach , Doc Rivers , when asked about Dončić stated that "" there 's a lot of people in him ."	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Ron Hunter in his second season at GSU .	coach
male	5	The team 's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger , in his first of three years at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	6	In June 2013 , national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to his 23-player squad for the UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden .	coach
male	6	He served as the head football coach at Columbia University ( 1915–1917 ) as well as his alma mater , Oberlin College ( 1913 , 1919–1921 ) , compiling a career college football record of 33–13–4 .	coach
male	7	His father was a high school wrestling coach and his mother made him play clarinet in the band .	coach
male	6	After his resignation , Eagles ' coach Yosuke Hiraishi acted as team 's interim manager for the remainder of the 2018 season .	coach
male	6	On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Bruce Weber in his seventh year at the helm of the Wildcats .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Andy Kennedy , in his seventh season at Ole Miss.	coach
male	6	On 7 October 2011 , Belarus coach Bernd Stange stood down from his post after the end of the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign .	coach
male	2	The head coach was Graydon Long coaching the team in his first year .	coach
male	12	Notably , he skied his winning run without ski wax as his coach Paul Berlinger scraped the wax off his skis directly before the start .	coach
male	1	"Illinois coach Zuppke was credited for his "" magnificent "" strategy in nearly upsetting the Wolverines ."	coach
male	5	In his first game his coach told him that their team had lost the coin toss , at which point Yepremian ran to midfield and dropped to his knees looking for the coin .	coach
male	2	Oregon head coach Mark Helfrich returns in his third year as Oregon 's head coach following season .	coach
male	3	In 1997 , coach Steve Fisher was fired for his involvement in violations relating to the scandal .	coach
male	7	At the end of season 4 , Coach moves to New York with his girlfriend May , He makes guest appearances afterwards in seasons 5–7 , and is often mentioned .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Gary Waters in his ninth season .	coach
male	2	His main coach was Agnesa Búřilová but he also worked with Anderlová , Lojkovičová , and Hilda Múdra .	coach
male	6	In his first season as head coach , Holbrook and the Gamecocks finished with a 43–20 overall record and finished second in the SEC Eastern division with a 17–12 record in conference play .	coach
male	4	One high school wrestling coach from Southern California described his methods of prevention using three simple procedures .	coach
male	4	Griffith Joyner ' s coach later stated that he believed her 10 .	coach
male	11	"In his television interview right after the play , LSU head coach Nick Saban said , "" I do n't know what to say ."	coach
male	6	In 2013 , and former Blanco coach Bevin Fortuin included Pedro in his squad for the 2013 Currie Cup First Division competition when he was named on the bench for their Round Ten match against the in George .	coach
male	17	As he grew wealthier from the sales of his aconite ointment , he bought himself a coal-black coach and six snow-white horses to draw it .	coach
male	8	In 2008 , the team saw the only coach it had even known , removed himself from the position and become the team 's president .	coach
male	6	Nachbaur has twice been named WHL coach of the year , first in 1994-95 when he led the Seattle Thunderbirds to a 42-28-2 record and again with Tri-City in 2007-08 , when the club recorded a franchise record 108 regular-season points with a 52-16-2-2 record .	coach
male	6	During the summer , Thom 's coach kicks him off the team due to his medical issues , though Thom gets the coach to confess that it is actually because of the comment made during the game .	coach
male	8	Following his freshman season , Washington States head coach Ken Bone was fired and replaced by new and current head coach Ernie Kent .	coach
male	2	The Welsh coach also criticized his own club in an interview with Don Balón .	coach
male	50	"Romo and Nantz received further acclaim for their broadcasting of the 2018 AFC Championship Game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots , as "" Nantz continually set Romo up to make his predictions and analysis prior to the snap "" , and some suggested that Chiefs head coach "" Andy Reid could have used Romo on his defensive staff , because the former quarterback knew just about every play the Patriots were going to run down the stretch . """	coach
male	32	Booking their place in the second round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification by beating the Maldives twice 2 - 0 in the play - offs , the Ethiopian - born coach praised his players for their efforts in the qualifying phase .	coach
male	9	In his first season with the program , head coach Pop Warner led the Panthers to wins in all eight games and they outscored their opponents by a combined total Home games were held at Forbes Field , the ballpark of baseball 's Pittsburgh Pirates .	coach
male	27	He is also a two - time California State wrestling champion for Bakersfield High School in Bakersfield , California , where his uncle Andy is the head coach and his father , Steve , is an assistant .	coach
male	18	This resulted in a season record of 10 - 4 and was the first time a Hokie football coach won 10 games in his first season and the first Hokie 10-win season since 2011 .	coach
male	4	The team 's head coach was Mike Riley , in his ninth straight season and eleventh overall .	coach
male	1	His coach was Thomas Mersdorf and he is sports instructor and physiotherapist head coach weightlifting in DBS .	coach
male	15	Martin , the former coach and general manager of the Florida Panthers , and former coach of the Ottawa Senators and St. Louis Blues , is known for his defence - first style .	coach
male	2	But Canterbury coach , former club player and Australian international Steve Folkes stated that he was still too young and it would be a couple of years till he would become a First Grader .	coach
male	24	During the 2012 - 13 season , the NCAA sanctioned the men 's basketball program for recruiting violations stemming primarily from a former assistant coach and his attempts to recruit players from France .	coach
male	5	Long - serving Barcelona deputy coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement , initially on a temporary basis , and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season against Valencia via an exceptional performance from Rivaldo , who completed arguably the greatest hat - trick in history with an overhead bicycle kick winner in the final minute to secure qualification .	coach
male	2	However , coach Back would leave the team a couple of months after his hiring to coach the expansion Carolina Cobras of the National Arena League for the 2018 season .	coach
male	17	After the game , the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coach held his arms above his head in victory .	coach
male	6	Brian McDermott was subsequently appointed head coach and his first job was to help the USA re - secure the World Cup qualification that they first won four years earlier .	coach
male	2	Their head coach was Thad Matta , in his 6th season with the Buckeyes .	coach
male	20	Entering the game , Florida head coach Urban Meyer was 2–0 in BCS bowl games with his win as head coach at Utah in the 2005 Fiesta Bowl and his second win coming two years ago to the day against Ohio State in the 2007 BCS National Championship Game .	coach
male	0	Coach was divided between his allegiances to both Mariano and Hantz but ultimately sided against Mariano , and Mariano was voted out .	coach
male	1	"Each coach would serve as "" head coach "" of the Cubs during his tenure there ."	coach
male	1	"The coach expanded on his insults , adding : "" Divac is n't even aware that I got the Slovenia job after Memi Bečirović , not after Zdovc ."	coach
male	2	Then head coach Chase Riddle was named National Head Coach of the Year in 1986 and 1987 for his successes of winning two national championships in a row .	coach
male	1	Head coach Harry Combes , in his eighth year at Illinois , directed a youthful team with only three returning seniors , none of which were regular players .	coach
male	5	"In his defense , Warriors coach Frank McGuire said "" Wilt has been simply super - human "" , and pointed out that the Warriors lacked a consistent second scorer , a playmaker , and a second big man to take pressure off Chamberlain ."	coach
male	8	After another slow start in 2011–12 , head coach Drew Schoneck was relieved of his duties and assistant coach Josh Hauge was promoted .	coach
male	2	Michigan State coach Tom Izzo earned his first title in his second straight final four appearance .	coach
male	26	Steve Freeman is the current coach for the Falcons ice hockey team and has been the coach for the past 17 years , the Falcons assistant coach Bob Ritzer is also returning for his 18th year .	coach
male	7	Former Adelaide City player and Perth Kangaroos coach Gary Marocchi was appointed coach for the first two seasons and won many fans with his bold , attacking style .	coach
male	17	He moved to Southern Methodist University in 1954 , were he worked for two seasons as backfield coach with Woody Woodard .	coach
male	9	Alerted by Courtney 's cries for help , a coach arrives and shoots an arrow at the murderer , but he catches it in his hand and impales the coach with it , killing him .	coach
male	1	Bears coach Abe Gibron likened George to having Shaughnessy himself on the field .	coach
male	8	"According to a newspaper account , Chicago 's coach Stagg "" used everything at his command to put a winning score across , but the plucky Purdue men foiled him . """	coach
male	17	In the days of the depression , Jim Davies often had to pay for the players ' coach himself ; once he had to pay out on the spot before the coach driver would move .	coach
male	4	Tommy Smales was the coach of Castleford , his first game in charge was on Sunday 3 August 1969 , and his last game in charge was on Saturday 28 November 1970 .	coach
male	2	His first coach in the thirds at St Kilda was Hughie Thomas , by then in his 60s and a famed figure who had been Jock McHale ’s assistant at Collingwood in the Magpies ’ greatest era before coaching St Kilda ’s reserves and seniors in the 1940s .	coach
male	29	Likewise the Garden State Ultras , a group of Red Bull fans based in New Jersey , and the Viking Army , named in tribute to former Red Bull coach , Hans Backe and his Scandinavian roots , have formed .	coach
male	45	The rumors were also relied on the poor financial situation of the team , with some outstanding salaries of almost a year , the big scandal born at Luceafărul Oradea after the match against Brăila , when the owner of the club retired , the coach suspected his players of being involved in the betting mafia and finally the club being close to implosion and also Dacia Unirea 's matches started to disappear from the betting offer .	coach
male	11	Harry was also the first wide receiver that Patriots ' head coach Bill Belichick has drafted in the first round during his tenure with the Patriots , and the first wide receiver the Patriots have drafted in the first round since Terry Glenn in 1996 .	coach
male	40	In 2018 , four other former gymnasts who trained under Knysh as girls and teenagers ( Halina Chasnouskaya , Halina Karcheuskaya , Lyudmila Rabkova and Korbut 's sister , Lyudmilla Bazhko ) corroborated Korbut 's allegations , stating that the coach would routinely give his gymnasts rides home after practice and then sexually assault the last one in the car .	coach
male	4	Once , Washington 's coach left the inn without him , but he was able to overtake it on foot .	coach
male	7	The next season , however , new coach Michel Preud'homme rarely used him in his starting eleven and , with the player 's contract due to expire , he was sold during the winter break to fellow league side Cercle Brugge KSV .	coach
male	9	In his third season with the team , head coach Keno Davis returned two starters and just eight players overall after a tumultuous offseason that included the dismissal of the team 's leading scorer in 2009–10 , forward Jamine Peterson , as well as the transfer or dismissal of three other players .	coach
male	6	Upon his release , his wrestling coach introduced Berry to boxing .	coach
