female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
female	1	Associate editor and award - winning film critic Lori Hoffman has been expressing her passion for movies , casino entertainment and sports in these pages for over thirty years as well as breaking news on the AC Weekly blog .	editor
female	20	In 1910 , she married Vladimir Kholodny , said to be one of the first Russian car racers and the editor of a daily sport newspaper .	editor
female	12	Angelina Vidal ( 1847 – 1917 ) was a Portuguese writer , editor noted for her support of the republic , women 's rights and education for women .	editor
female	5	In this article , the editor of two nursing journals describes the evolution of her editorial role with a focus on job analysis and leadership requirements .	editor
female	4	I had warned the editor of COI concerns initially when she moved the article into mainspace from userspace , and then placed the COI tag on the article .	editor
female	1	His editor gave her free use of an Avid editing machine .	editor
female	15	I was referring to the past experience of already having to hear that a Wikipedia editor thought she was a bad mother , seemingly for no concrete reason at all .	editor
female	10	Her dismissal triggered numerous letters - to - the - editor and the competing Palo Alto Weekly picked up her column .	editor
female	32	"Dolly 's newfound love of John Kite has negative consequences however , as after her gushing review on John 's Dublin gig is published in the "" D&ME , "" Kenny the editor stops calling offering more work and shortly after Dolly discovers her distraught parents and is informed by her brother Krissi that their benefits have been cut ."	editor
female	3	However , the editor has stated numerous times that she knows the massacre occurred .	editor
female	5	In this column , the editor of The Journal of Perinatal Education discusses her experience witnessing a natural , safe , and healthy home birth .	editor
female	7	I make this distinction because the other editor , in adding , implied she was a reporter .	editor
female	4	She worked as an editor as well as her academic work .	editor
female	1	"The editor of the "" British Medical Journal "" , Dr. Fiona Godlee , gave her personal support to Rolles ' call for decriminalisation , and the arguments drew particular support from Sir Ian Gilmore , former president of the Royal College of Physicians , who said we should be treating drugs "" as a health issue rather than criminalising people "" and "" this could drastically reduce crime and improve health "" ."	editor
female	2	"As fashion editor Grace Coddington wrote in her memoirs , the cover "" endorsed a democratic new high / low attitude to dressing , added some youthful but sophisticated raciness , and garnished it with a dash of confident energy and drive that implied getting somewhere fast ."	editor
female	11	"Funny Face "" ) , about the relationships between an eccentric editor and the people around her , won the inaugural Kawai Hayao story prize , drawing praise from prize judge and novelist Nahoko Uehashi ."	editor
female	11	The film was co - edited by the Academy Award winner editor Thelma Schoonmaker , who is known for her collaboration with Martin Scorsese .	editor
female	4	In 2012 , managing editor Tami Roleff won a Golden Mike Award for Z107.7 from the Radio and Television News Association for her August 2011 story about a man who survived being lost in the desert for nine days .	editor
female	1	"The editor died , and she took on the position permanently , the November 18 , 1871 , issue of the magazine appearing with the notation "" conducted by Miriam F. Squier . """	editor
female	0	"Editor and poet Philip Fried wrote in his tribute to her in the Fall / Winter 2009/2010 issue of "" The Manhattan Review "" , "" she was one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic readers of contemporary poetry I have ever known . """	editor
female	2	A GamesRadar editor stated that she likes Carnivine due to the `` cool look on its face '' , a sentiment which another editor shared and added that it was a `` wacky Grass type '' but `` not very good '' .	editor
female	6	- In 2012 , co - editor Sophie Chamas won the Anna Lindh Mediterranean Journalist Award in the “ New Media ” section , for her article “ Ani mi Levanon ” .	editor
female	3	"She was an editor at large for The Atavist , an award - winning nonfiction iPad and enhanced ebook publisher ; her multimedia story with Maisie Crow , "" The Last Clinic "" was nominated for a National Magazine Award and a Documentary Emmy in 2014 ."	editor
female	6	It also seems as if another editor warned Fisherqueen that she was indeed mistaken but she decided to ignore his words .	editor
female	12	"Her father , John P. Hopley ( 1821–1904 ) , was longtime editor of the "" Bucyrus Evening Journal "" , and her mother , Georgianna ( Rochester ) Hopley was active in the temperance movement of the 1870s ."	editor
female	23	"Reaction to the issue was not uniformly welcoming , and the March 1931 issue of the magazine contained a hostile response by the editor herself under the title "" The Arrogance of Youth "" ."	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian .	editor
female	42	Abba Goddard ( July 20 , 1819 - November 26 , 1873 ) ( also A. A. G. , A. A. Goddard , A. G. A. ) was a 19th - century New England woman best known for her work as an editor and author as well as for her role as a nurse during the American Civil War .	editor
female	3	Or , the editor opens another article that she knows that uses the reference .	editor
female	18	At a reading of this story at Symphony Space for the NPR radio program Selected Shorts , the editor for the 2006 ' Best American collection , Ann Patchett , indicated that she considered the story to be the best in the collection .	editor
female	1	The editor who removed the PROD commented that if there are reliable source references to her blog , she may be notable , but no one has yet come forward with any .	editor
female	5	Nor should we disrespect an editor simply because she is new .	editor
female	8	I am aware of at least one underage editor who felt she had to leave because of being publicly outed here .	editor
female	5	"That same year , IGN editor Tal Blevins chose her as "" the hottest videogame babe "" due to her looks and leather outfit ."	editor
female	6	Additionally , please contact the senior editor - - Kim van der Linde as she is the editor who imposed the block and may be able to provide additional information .	editor
female	18	Joan , the recipient of the 2018 Lasker-Koshland Special Achievement Award in Medical Science , spoke with Cell editor ( and her former post-doc ) Lara Szewczak about how she came to be an advocate for women in science and shared advice for young scientists entering the research community today .	editor
female	2	Although the editor rejected her first book , Shayne 's enthusiasm impressed her enough that she asked to see more novels , and purchased the second .	editor
female	35	"On 25 November 2010 while at the Journalism Education Association of Australia conference in Sydney , Posetti used Twitter to cite part of a presentation by rural reporter Asa Wahlquist , who suggested that the editor in chief of "" The Australian "" had been prescriptive about her election coverage of environmental stories ."	editor
female	2	The former editor of Woman ' s Day and Australian Women ' s Weekly magazines , told The Sunday Telegraph that she faced losing her home to pay her debts .	editor
female	1	The editor of this column and her coauthor describes how the virtual world of Second Life can be used in nursing education .	editor
female	3	Today a new editor , who says that she is the article ' s subject , has arrived .	editor
female	1	The editor of children 's books at Collins , Jocelyn Oliver , recognized her talent and encouraged her to write a story .	editor
female	17	Her brother , Robert Parrish , was a minor child actor who earned respect as a film editor and director and her other sister , Beverly Parrish , died suddenly at the age of 11 after filming only one movie .	editor
female	1	An editor left a note that she was going to commit suicide , which prompted a flurry of concern on EN-wikipedia back in 2003 .	editor
female	1	The editor , George Madden , was impressed with her passion and ran an advertisement asking the author to identify herself .	editor
female	2	The major editor has admitted that she can not find enough reliable sources for a Critical reception section .	editor
female	18	"Touches of Venus "" in 2007 , alongside pieces by Margaret Atwood and Robert Graves , after the editor discovered her poem on her website ."	editor
female	6	Tatiana de la tierra was the editor and Amy Concepcion was her associate editor .	editor
female	7	"Journalist Jenni Russell , a former BBC editor herself , was quoted in "" The New York Times "" about the issue affecting Kuenssberg : """	editor
female	8	"While listening to her story , an interested editor suggested that she try to draw about herself , and she decided to draw a "" gyaru "" manga ."	editor
female	2	Former fringe editor Marie Brière de la Hosseraye also won in the arts category for her piece “	editor
female	9	She briefly edited the Washington Gazette but when the editor discovered she was a woman , she was fired .	editor
female	27	As you all know we do not censor material but we do make it accurate -LRB- or as accurate as possible -RRB- and towards that end the editor who says she is the subject can assist - however entertaining a third request for deletion because someone who says they are subject and has blanked the page is not a good enough reason IMO to delete .	editor
female	3	the then managing editor of KTN offered her work as an anchor .	editor
female	10	She did not become of interest to historians until the editor of the Richmond Magazine discovered her pension records and wrote an article about her in the 1920s .	editor
female	5	Her father was a newspaper editor in Timaru , and her mother a schoolteacher .	editor
female	11	"On her first day at "" Vogue "" , the managing editor advised her to quit and go back to Washington ."	editor
female	20	Kei 's ( Ronald Cheng ) eldest sister Yu Chu ( Sandra Ng ) is a hot - tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while .	editor
female	6	Her father Bert was a film editor and her mother Donalda was an actress .	editor
female	5	After her latest column her editor , River , cancels her column for being too dull , but offers to re - instate it if she came come up with more interesting material .	editor
female	2	When an editor suggested to Candace Bushnell that she write `` the modern-day version of The Group '' , she wrote Sex and the City , a collection of revealing essays that became the popular TV series and film .	editor
female	16	"Ball and Whiley departed in summer 1998 to be replaced by former "" Smash Hits "" editor Kate Thornton who established herself with Middlemiss and Theakston as lead presenters by autumn 1998 ."	editor
female	25	More to the point , while she might not plan to do a lot of admin-drudgery , we have here a demonstrably committed and trustworthy editor who ' s willing to help where she can , and I think whatever help someone as good as this wants to give should be welcomed with open arms .	editor
female	11	The discussion on Darrin is obviously inapplicable here , as an editor has asserted she had significant roles and thus meets notability criteria .	editor
female	0	"editor Kat Bailey included it in her list of remakes that "" left the originals in the dust "" ."	editor
female	7	"During her time as women 's page editor at the "" Free Press "" , Lee Hills , then the paper 's publisher , once introduced her as "" our women 's editor , and if she were a man , she 'd be the executive editor ."	editor
female	7	Shortly after her return , a Penguin editor wrote to propose a volume in which her work would be joined with Denise Levertov and Sylvia Plath .	editor
female	1	This editor claims that these pictures are of herself , and that she is the copyright holder .	editor
female	1	The editor of History of Psychology discusses her plan to vary the journal 's content and expand its scope in specific ways .	editor
female	12	But this woman ' s face is iconic , and the other editor claims she does not look Cherokee to him .	editor
female	5	During her long period as editor Angus & Robertson expanded their publishing of serious Australian literature .	editor
female	3	Even though the editor has said that she is fine with serving the 1 week block , I feel that at this point the block serves no preventative purpose .	editor
female	4	In her introduction , editor Mai Neng Moua posited that most of the writers included in the anthology shared the following characteristics :	editor
female	3	Marcia was contributing editor for Suite 101 in the Computing Life section from 1999 through 2002 where she wrote articles relating to computing and computer law .	editor
female	18	"Lesley Vane - Kirkman ( 1 May 1944 – 19 October 2018 ) was an innovative British magazine editor who is best known for her work on "" Woman 's World "" in New York in the 1980s when she was part of a group of British women who made careers editing American women 's magazines ."	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Big Issue "" criticised her comments ."	editor
female	3	In addition , editor in chief Ellen Pollock stepped down from her position and Washington Bureau Chief Megan Murphy was named as the next editor in chief .	editor
female	20	"Primary Plans "" , the periodical published by the same house , used much of her work , and the editor gave her charge of the music page , which appeared regularly , and to which she contributed original rote and motion songs ."	editor
female	7	After 1983 , she worked as an editor for Cartea Rom a neasc a , were she made efforts to preserve literary standards in front of a new wave of censorship under the Nicolae Ceau s escu regime .	editor
female	5	Despite her objections , her editor , Myburgh , insisted on publishing answering machine messages allegedly by Terre'Blanche , accompanied by a denial by Allan of counter claims that he had made against her .	editor
female	14	"This prompted her to join "" Mangai "" , a Tamil magazine after the editor found her writings very interesting ."	editor
female	2	Philadelphia Inquirer editor , Amanda Bennett , announces she will step down and be replaced by William Marimow .	editor
female	3	Imagine a female editor of 4000 edits and one GA , who does not know many Wikipedians yet but reads this board because she is contemplating a request for adminship .	editor
female	1	Her editor Judith Jones claimed in her memoirs that Jaffrey was an ideal cookbook writer precisely because she had learned to cook childhood comfort food as an adult , and primarily from written instructions .	editor
female	18	It was not intended as such ; it seemed to me unneccessarily legalistic to persue arbitration on an editor who -LRB- I thought -RRB- had already said she intended to leave .	editor
female	1	"Food editor of the "" Daily Herald "" Deborah Pankey wrote in her review of the book , "" While giving the titled trio its due respect , author Michele Anna Jordan introduces a host of other ingredients that will surely shake up your next toasted meal ( yes , she favors toast to help maintain the sandwich 's structure . ) """	editor
female	7	"Of her role in the project , editor Hoseley said , "" It was very important to [ Amos ] that she see how the different creators were treating ' her girls ' ( the songs ) , but at the same time , not tying the creator 's hands or make them feel restricted in any way and making sure that they felt the freedom to tell the kind of story that they felt strongly about . """	editor
female	13	Sold as single issues , it contained her editorials , letters to the editor and her responses , and advertisements .	editor
female	1	"The editor and writer were apparently unaware of her 1970s appearances , so there was no mention of her marriage , and it was stated in a footnote that she had not appeared since "" Detective "" # 320 ."	editor
female	6	It should be noted that this editor said on the Wikipedia help page that she works for Penguin , of which Fig Tree is a part .	editor
female	6	I find it amazing that an editor who has been here as long as Roscelese thinks she can push this kind of nonsense , since we can all see the page histories .	editor
female	10	"After her murder , Fossey 's "" National Geographic "" editor , Mary Smith , told Shlachter that on visits to the United States , Fossey would "" load up on firecrackers , cheap toys and magic tricks as part of her method to mystify the ( Africans ) in order to hold them at bay . """	editor
female	3	"However , her editor shortened her byline to "" Del "" Sumi to disguise the fact that she was a woman to male readers ."	editor
female	13	Even though she deleted my edits due to lack of source , this editor flat-out admitted that she knew the plot details I added were accurate .	editor
female	1	"The editor of "" The Times "" , Simon Jenkins , denounced her criticisms of Major ."	editor
female	4	I initially encountered this editor after she edited a few articles on my watch list .	editor
female	10	I resumed regular duties without the bit , even the editor that had the most hand in my desysopping aside from Risker commented that she still considered me an admin .	editor
female	6	At the ceremony , however , editor John Douglas accepted the award on her behalf and no comment was made on Tuttle 's reasons for her refusal .	editor
female	16	"Kay Smallshaw ( 1905–1996 ) was an English writer , known for her work as an editor at "" Good Housekeeping "" and her books about home - making ."	editor
female	11	"Because of her dominance over "" Women at Home "" , editor - in - chief W. R. Nicoll often called it "" Annie Swan 's Magazine "" ."	editor
female	6	In real life , Disney story editor Bill Dover was assigned as Travers ' guide and companion during her time in Los Angeles .	editor
female	5	So here we have an editor -LRB- you -RRB- who says she knows nothing of Freemasonry , has no interest whatsoever in Freemasonry , yet spends all her time deleting all the criticism of Freemasonry from Wikipedia and making and filing complaints against those who do .	editor
female	1	"The editor had investors , “ retired businesspeople ” , but she would not name them , a situation the MinnPost said was "" unfortunate for a journalism operation fighting alongside people seeking transparency ."	editor
female	1	The editor , ZA Suleri , gave her permission to reprint the columns in book form as a travelogue which she did .	editor
female	17	"In the middle of the fifth season , Paris started dating Doyle ( Danny Strong ) , editor of the "" Yale Daily News "" after attempting speed dating and finding herself wanting more to talk to Doyle than the men at the event ( Paris dismisses one of them upon hearing his first line of "" Well I 'm a drama major "" , by saying "" Ding , ding , ding ! !"	editor
female	2	RTÉ television editor Mary Butler , from Dún Laoghaire , took part via her wheelchair after sustaining a chipped ankle bone day earlier .	editor
female	8	Wason went around New York City telling any editor that would listen that she was going to Europe and wanted to be their correspondent .	editor
female	22	"While staying in the house , Charlotte writes a poem for the "" Animal - Lovers ' Gazette "" , but the editor rejects her poem "" Good Gnus "" , which is about hunting gnus ."	editor
female	11	"In a 2017 "" Complex "" article about her , the editor wrote "" unapologetic does not begin to describe the totally unfiltered and sheer Cardi B - ness of Cardi B 's personality ."	editor
female	13	After her books changed genres from romantic comedy to action , Rallison ’s editor had her use the pen name C.J. Hill .	editor
female	20	– 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was known for being an editor of the Mathematics Association of America 's New Mathematical Library Series , and for her work in reforming mathematics education with the inclusion of language skills .	editor
female	1	The editor tore apart her novel and recommended that she throw it away .	editor
female	2	and its editor compared her work as equal to Jane Austen .	editor
female	0	"editor Nick Levine similarly lauded Lorde 's "" compelling "" songwriting ability despite her young age at the time and praised the song 's composition as "" glorious "" ."	editor
female	26	"Amy Loveman ( 16 May 1881 – 11 December 1955 ) was an American editor and critic , best known for her work as a founding editor of the "" Saturday Review of Literature "" and for her work at the Book - of - the - Month Club ."	editor
female	2	Her original editor , Dudley Delffs , attributes her popularity to being different from other Christian fiction authors by focusing on her story rather than the message .	editor
female	6	At that time , his assistant editor was Tom Hopkinson ( who became editor from 1941–50 ) , and whom she married the same year .	editor
female	4	The journal ' s editor said she wishes two of the authors had disclosed their affiliations , but the editor says it would not have influenced her decision to publish the report .	editor
female	1	The editor , James Coke , asked for evidence , but she could provide none .	editor
female	3	"USA Today "" editor Elysa Gardner included this song in her download list and added "" Dion starts out low and sultry , then lets her big , creamy soprano rip — a pattern she follows on the "" Wall of Sound""-inspired Breakaway "" ."	editor
female	1	The editor requested her work , and then bought it less than two months later .	editor
female	15	"On January 5 , 2006 , Cox officially announced her retirement as the blog 's editor and her imminent transition to "" Wonkette Emerita . """	editor
female	16	Although the series launched her career , she later wrote in a diary entry that the editor of the magazine changed her captions and reversed the message of her photographs to fit a racist narrative .	editor
female	8	"Lois Ames ( Kay Francis ) is the editor of "" 400 Magazine "" , whose wealthy husband , Fred ( Kenneth Thomson ) , pays her little attention ."	editor
female	3	A sub - editor misread her name as Stephanie Rahn , a German surname .	editor
female	1	The editor explains to you that she was reverting the edits of a banned user or sock puppet .	editor
female	8	The film stars Ginger Rogers as a magazine editor , who although successful , finds herself on the edge of a breakdown while juggling her feelings for three prospective suitors , played by Ray Milland , Warner Baxter , and Jon Hall .	editor
female	6	Lee Brown married Pat Gorman , editor of the Miners Federation newspaper Common Cause and a member of the Communist Party , from whom she separated in 1987 .	editor
female	9	Although she was totally untrained in the profession , editor Frank Owen was impressed by her extensive knowledge of Britain and the British , gained by her natural curiosity and her non - stop touring lifestyle .	editor
female	13	Shannon ' s crush on Mandy becomes apparent and when Mandy ' s editor and former lover Toni Jarvis -LRB- Bridie Carter -RRB- arrives she is extremely put out and begins avoiding Mandy altogether .	editor
female	10	He states that Pearson worked tirelessly as H.D. 's tactful editor , as well as her literary advisor and ( unpaid ) agent , roles that had a significant positive effect on the quantity and quality of her late work .	editor
female	3	"Once a junior editor saw her trip in the hallway , walked past without offering assistance , and was later told she "" did "" absolutely "" the right thing . """	editor
female	29	Haddock oversaw the closure of the university newspaper , Diálogo , which after 32 years in print , was moved online and employees were laid off until only the editor and her assistant were left .	editor
female	2	Another GamesRadar editor felt that its eyes looked weird and that she would have gone without a Grass type instead .	editor
female	6	"Writing for "" PopSugar "" , editor Celia Fernandez included "" Latigazo "" on her list of "" 25 Daddy Yankee Songs That We Ca n't Live Without "" in July 2017 ."	editor
female	10	"Introducing her first article in "" Electrical Experimenter "" , editor Hugo Gernsback praised Lewis for her exactitude and learning , saying that she "" has the rare faculty of interpreting difficult and dry subjects in a popular manner . """	editor
female	6	I believe we have one active editor who does her best to represent African-American culture on wikipedia and aggressively corrects the rest of us when she thinks we got it wrong ; you might want to ask her .	editor
female	15	These two complementary strands of research activity also found expression in her work as founding editor ( 1990–1996 ) of The Curriculum Journal , and in her membership of the Assessment Reform Group from 1992 .	editor
female	13	"In 1980 , Hilbert began publishing poems in literary journals , and an editor at Event Horizon Press noticed her work , launching her debut collection , "" Mansions "" , in 1990 ."	editor
female	22	She was born in Newark , New Jersey , into a working - class family ; her father worked as a newspaper editor and her mother was a part - time stenographer and housewife .	editor
female	1	An editor from a London publishing house spotted her work at a display of amateur art in Cornwall and her career as a full - time book illustrator was born .	editor
female	1	One editor stated that she would be looking for errors in my articles since the `` edit war .	editor
female	2	"a brilliant editor "" , she was known for her "" occasional flair and business - like decisions "" ."	editor
female	1	"IGN editor "" Pokémon of the Day Chick "" has expressed her dislike of the character in multiple articles , describing it as an "" abomination "" and jokingly alluded that designers were on drugs when they created it ."	editor
female	1	One editor said that she received plenty of significant coverage establishing notability .	editor
female	1	The editor decided that she would remove the external link while there was still discussion going on .	editor
female	12	"After about her sixth or seventh time showing her portfolio , Marvel editor Greg Wright gave Conner her first illustration assignment , an 11-page Yellowjacket back - up story in "" Solo Avengers "" # 12 ( November 1988 ) ."	editor
female	16	In the 1970s and 1980s she became the senior editor of Nuestro magazine , the managing editor of El Tiempo , Visi o n magazine ' s New York correspondent , the director of information services of the National Puerto Rican Forum , the literary manager of the International Arts Relations -LRB- INTAR -RRB- , and the publications director of the Association of Hispanic Arts -LRB- AHA -RRB- .	editor
male	5	U succeeded in hounding an editor until he lost his temper and asked for an indefinite block , driving him off the project .	editor
male	5	"Los Angeles Daily News "" editor Phil Rosenthal criticized Harbert for his comments , describing Dan as the emotional anchor of the series ."	editor
male	6	With all the ability of its editor and his friends -- among whom were the Rev. William Bentley and some of the wealthiest families in Salem -- it opposed the doctrines and the measures of the federal party .	editor
male	11	"On May 15 , "" The New York Times "" public editor , Byron Calame , wrote on his blog that more than two hundred readers had written to complain about the exclusion of any mention of Colbert from the paper 's initial lengthy article covering the dinner ."	editor
male	2	The second editor arranged his dīwan according to subject ( 1883 , Istanbul ) .	editor
male	20	I believe Sayerslle was referring to the `` toxic authoritarian Right , '' which is apparently how he defines any editor who does not agree with him on the content that he wants or believes must be inserted into the Palin article -LRB- s -RRB- .	editor
male	27	All those that commented in the AFD , other than the nominator , expressed viewpoints that the page should be cleaned up and fixed , and one editor stated he had done so during the AFD .	editor
male	4	"In his review , editor - in - chief Remy Franck wrote : "" What a discovery :"	editor
male	9	This was achieved through fortuitous circumstances when the chief editor , Grigol Chikovani , was arrested in his office .	editor
male	2	When an editor claims that he has done nothing wrong , and refuses the very possibility he might have made an error , radicalization looms .	editor
male	10	While the series ends on a cliffhanger , the story editor of the final arc outlined his plan for the final three episodes on the crew commentary of the Homefront Campaign DVD ( not included on the box set version ) .	editor
male	1	The editor openly declares that he is evading blocks and intends to continue doing so .	editor
male	1	This editor , who pretends to be a sceptic even though he makes his living from the sale of astrological software , was engaging in a malicious web-based off-wiki hate campaign about the subject of a biography page who at that time was being subjected to significant harassment and character assignation attempts by him .	editor
male	13	N so deletion in its current form does meet policy , however an editor has said he will try to improve it so should be given some time do so and to see if the article can demonstrate notability before a derision is made .	editor
male	3	After the other editor replies that he can not parse the statement , Dzonatas calls the other editor uncivil for having not understood it , while simultaneously editing his own previous statement to make it comprehensible .	editor
male	3	Furthermore , the editor stated that he was going to submit this entry for deletion as a form of retaliation .	editor
male	11	The author of the secondary report , a British Medical Journal editor , conceded that he had misused the title chiropractor .	editor
male	11	By the way you might tell the self rightous fool ish editor who posted what he thought was my home phone number , that he has caused some poor little old lady in Tuscon , Arizona to become ill and disconnect her phone due to all the harrassing phone calls she was getting at all hours of the day and night .	editor
male	30	During his time as political editor , Marr assumed various presentational roles , and announced in 2005 that following the 2005 General Election , he would step down as political editor to spend more time with his family .	editor
male	5	Rajendar noted that the sound editor Ramji Soma and a Canadian entrepreneur Talvinder Bathh had charged Rs 1.2 crore ( ) from his company and failed to return it despite promises made to sign on Akon , David Guetta and either Rihanna or Nicole Scherzinger for the project .	editor
male	1	"The editor of the Syrian state "" Tishrin "" newspaper announced his intention of forming a committee , to comprise prominent intellectuals such as Maher Charif , Ahmad Barqawi and Yusuf Salameh , to edit a new opinion page , but this never came about ."	editor
male	4	"Erwin D. Canham , editor of the "" Monitor "" during this period wrote later in his 1958 history of the newspaper , "" Commitment to Freedom , "" of Stein 's brief contribution to the paper from Japan and China which ended in 1945 ."	editor
male	22	""" From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing , "" "" Wisden 's "" editor , Norman Preston , began his report ."	editor
male	3	A French newspaper editor invites his wife , ex - wife , mistress and intended fiancée to his apartment , planning to murder one of them .	editor
male	31	Belonging as he did to the old school of anonymous journalism Schuler never came much before the public , but as chief of staff he showed great tact , and as editor had his finger on every department of the paper .	editor
male	9	Delete Same nonsense as last time , and block editor if he does it again .	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Craig Lytle rated the album three out of five stars and wrote that "" the album focuses on hip - hop and contemporary urban cuts , including a pair of R&B chart - toppers ."	editor
male	4	Aspects , how the editor felt he had not already violated the 3rr with his four reverts .	editor
male	0	"Editor of the "" Courrier Français "" , he qualified himself as constitutional writer ."	editor
male	11	As he lacked any experience or training , he persuaded the editor to let him work for nothing initially , to prove himself .	editor
male	6	If he is as upstanding an editor as he seems to be , he should know not to be uncivil .	editor
male	16	In the preface to the volume of which the title has already been given , the editor refers to his experiences in the ecclesiastical courts of Rome .	editor
male	6	"Back in New York , the editor at "" New Frontiersman "" asks his assistant to find some filler material from the "" crank file "" , a collection of rejected submissions to the paper , many of which have not been reviewed yet ."	editor
male	1	"AllMusic editor Tom Demalon described it as a "" massive , neo - hippie anthem "" in his review of the "" Bigger , Better , Faster , More ! "" album ."	editor
male	10	Ultimately I would agree to this , once the third-party editor shows that he is familiar with the content that Edgarde and I individually feel is important .	editor
male	11	The day after principal photography was completed , Ashby had his editor send what he had cut together so far .	editor
male	1	The editor who began the page wrote on my talk page that he was taught it by his lecturer , but wonders whether the lecturer made it up .	editor
male	15	He found that asking Phaklao for opinions on shots led to better results , and editor Chonlasit Upanigkit also helped with his keen sense during post - production .	editor
male	2	"The 1771 editor gives his version of the facts , which according to him is the version Voltaire could not explicitly give in his writings for fear of royal reprisals : """	editor
male	25	I have been a little worried about his recent behaviour - declaring only people who have tought statistics should edit an article , Telling an editor who has created around 85 chemistry articles that he `` writes so little '' .	editor
male	8	I want to send an email to an editor that says on his user page that he will keep emails confidential .	editor
male	11	Gonzalo Garcés ( born 16 August 1974 ) is an Argentine editor and writer known for his writing on masculinity , and for his criticisms of feminism .	editor
male	15	The usual resistance built up -LRB- nothing wrong with this -RRB- but when the said editor noticed that he could not edit due to the restrictions applicable to a new account , two editors -LRB- B and C -RRB- , who are much involved in this article , made comments that irked me .	editor
male	4	"Nekrasov was a genius editor , and his gift of procuring the best literature and the best authors at the height of their relevancy , bordered on miracle , "" acknowledged Mirsky , but as such he was "" a ruthless manipulator , first and foremost , for whom any means justified the end "" and who "" shamelessly exploited the enthusiasm of his underpaid authors . """	editor
male	5	He was hired as the editor of the journal and his particular experience in fisheries for the Bureau of Fisheries and the Union Fish Company brought rare skills to the magazine .	editor
male	5	Larry Altman , noted medical editor for The New York Times , wrote that never in his experience had he witnessed such fierce opposition from the medical community to the possibility that peptic ulcer disease was caused by a microbe ( L. Altman , personal communication , 16 May 2012 ) [ 8 ] .	editor
male	7	The Gazette ran both stories and the editor commented he believed it a deliberate attempt at fraud by Keller ' s handlers .	editor
male	13	Giano is the one preventing the lynch mob here from harassing an outstanding editor until he kicks back or makes enough mistakes that he can be perma banned , as has been done very recently to another scholarly and highly constructive editor .	editor
male	1	The editor of the JournalNews then instructed his employees to interview every witness to Connaughton and Thompson 's conversation — except Patsy Stephens .	editor
male	8	International Psychogeriatrics turns a new page : new editor begins his term .	editor
male	30	"Richard John Lynn in "" Pacific Affairs "" argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not "" realized the full extent of this interaction and influence "" and that he believed they did not "" entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . """	editor
male	12	In this case , medias disclosed the information illegally , and the editor claimed that he was just quoting what he has seen through media - since the tree -LRB- disclosure of personal information by media -RRB- was being poisoned , the fruit -LRB- the disclosure of personal information by editor -RRB- is poisoned , too , and the fruit shall not be the excuse for reliving .	editor
male	4	On BLPN , another editor reports that he wrote to Heitner , who confirms that he wrote this piece on his blog .	editor
male	5	I can not approach this editor for a resolution because he is a criminal hiding out in Thailand who has stolen my intellectual property and that of many others .	editor
male	1	One editor in favor of explicit inclusion of territories has provided sources that he argues support that contention , but which I believe either independently support the ambiguity of the term , or are primary sources being used to advance a synthetic position .	editor
male	7	Lyon recounted in his book that his editor called him in a panic , and asked what he had done with the pills .	editor
male	8	What may have happened here is that the editor created an account , then decided that he did not like the name one and created another with a name he liked better .	editor
male	35	"Aubert was actually born "" Robert Aubert Puig "" , but when he signed as a teenager for Carcassonne , there were several other established players that shared the same surname that a local newspaper editor printed his name back - to - front to avoid confusion and it ending up sticking and he became the most famous of them all ."	editor
male	8	"Before his shooting death in August 2007 , editor Chauncey Bailey of the "" Oakland Post "" was working on a story about the finances of YBMB , involving its pending bankruptcy ."	editor
male	5	"In 1968 , an Avon editor named Peter Mayer approached Anton LaVey with the idea of publishing a "" Satanic Bible , "" and he asked Anton to author it ."	editor
male	1	This editor makes it very difficult to make improvement as he just reverts anything that does not match his POV back to were it was before .	editor
male	4	I have informed the editor that if he can explain his page moves , then I might consider unblocking .	editor
male	7	"After examining the photos the newspaper 's editor , Jay Harris , told Hart that he would print them in the paper , but that he would "" run him ( Hart ) out of town "" if the photos were fake ."	editor
male	40	His first three books , the Lost Millennium series -LRB- First Dawn in 1996 , Second Fire in 1997 , and Lost Days in 1998 -RRB- had a combined sales of just over 20 , 000 copies , so his editor suggested that he switch genres , to military science fiction set in the future .	editor
male	4	Oppose for now The editor has given an undertaking that he will not do so anymore .	editor
male	33	Ticonderoga Publications suspended producing books in 1999 when the Australian government brought in the GST ( Goods and Services Tax ) that raised the price of books by ten percent , with the editor concentrating on his TiconderogaOnline webzine instead .	editor
male	1	Its editor since 1998 , Jim Gray , has announced he will step down when a successor is appointed .	editor
male	20	AfD was opened wholly outside procedure and has no nomination rationaile beyond the fact the apparent subject of it and editor has decided he does not like it .	editor
male	26	The article does read a bit like a college research paper , but the edit history shows it being assembled sentence by sentence by a new editor who says he is studying psychology in college .	editor
male	2	The other editor is not responding to my invitation for a talk but is just doing what he is always does .	editor
male	17	In addition , other real - life people make appearances as well , such as Toriyama 's editor ( Kazuhiko Torishima ) , assistants , wife , his colleague friends ( such as Masakazu Katsura ) and others .	editor
male	6	"That same year , then - editor Aaron Spitzer was awarded the Best Article , NWT / Alberta Western Magazine Award for his story , "" The Shadow in the Valley . """	editor
male	15	It says nothing uncivil , though it does say that SA is not a neutral editor , which is simply a statement that he is on one side of the debate - I , also , am not a neutral editor in that sense .	editor
male	9	FYI , a very swift google suggests that the editor is who he claims to be .	editor
male	3	"In 2008 , editor Paul Karasik received an Eisner Award for "" Best Archival Collection / Project : Comic Books "" for his work on "" I Shall Destroy All Civilized Planets ! """	editor
male	14	As he is talking with Shrike , Justy arrives ; they reunite and the editor offers them his best .	editor
male	5	MONGO threatened to block an editor with whom he was in a content dispute .	editor
male	5	"In 2018 a British food editor lost his job because a message from him showed up talking about "" killing vegans one by one "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor at the time , Steve Hocking , said that he was happy for the same tune to be used at the beginning and end of each broadcast , but in recent years the traditional finale tune has returned , with Nial Brown rearranging the closing tune from 2004 to 2006 , and Dave Cooke doing so as of January 2007 .	editor
male	1	This editor then said he had Wikiscanner evidence which proved that relationship .	editor
male	1	"His editor , Mitchell , later wrote of his travelling "" to unlikely places like Madagascar , increasing his odd store of erudition "" ."	editor
male	2	A third editor has suggested he has suffered off-WP attacks from the group .	editor
male	4	When I asked one editor if he knew of Polandball , his response .	editor
male	1	The editor is well-intentioned , but does not understand he needs to collaborate .	editor
male	4	In this diff the editor who added the problematic content states that he will request permission for it to be released so that it can be used freely in Wikipedia .	editor
male	24	It is best known for regular legal action against it , such as a failed bid at interdiction by banking group FirstRand ( where editor Martin Welz represented himself ) and defamation actions by judge Fikile Bam and former public protector Selby Baqwa .	editor
male	3	Harris is first editor of de Lint 's fiction and also his business manager .	editor
male	1	The editor , an avid political contributor , assumes he is the end-all expert in the area and has a history of edit warring , see here .	editor
male	1	The editor has effectively acknowledged that he is not going to work on it further .	editor
male	3	Fvasconcellos , an editor has created another image that he thinks is better , though I disagree .	editor
male	42	As it is also noted , « Planodion is a particular literary journal which has marked its own special stigma on the domain of literature [ ... ] mainly on its impact , given the prestige and the love that distinguishes the editor and his colleagues in literature»(2 ) .	editor
male	7	""" The New York Times "" public editor Clark Hoyt concluded in his January 10 , 2009 , column , "" Though the most vociferous supporters of Israel and the Palestinians do not agree , I think "" The New York Times "" , largely barred from the battlefield and reporting amid the chaos of war , has tried its best to do a fair , balanced and complete job — and has largely succeeded . """	editor
male	12	"The story cuts to the "" Daily Planet "" building , where editor Perry White reveals to his two best field reporters , Clark Kent and Lois Lane , that an anonymous figure has mailed another threatening note , threatening to use his “ Electrothanasia - Ray ” , to the "" Planet "" ."	editor
male	2	If an editor can read , and can understand what he has read , and then has offered either a delete or keep comment based upon what he has read and understood , what is fascinating is his concern that editors well able to read and understand both sides of a discussion have not felt the need to repeat the points I have made or engage when all that need be said has been said .	editor
male	7	Pagan , a 41-year - old copy editor for Postmedia Network from Hamilton , Ontario , was later charged with mischief after surrendering himself to Toronto police amid the publication of his face from Rogers Centre security footage .	editor
male	4	Strongly support , good editor , and everything suggests he would make a good admin .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" Chi "" defended his decision by saying he published the photographs simply because they had not been previously seen , and he felt the images were not disrespectful to the memory of Diana ."	editor
male	31	"John Wain , another of Johnson 's biographers , claimed , "" There is no better statement of the reason why Shakespeare needs to be edited , and what aims an editor can reasonably set himself "" than Johnson 's "" Proposal "" ."	editor
male	15	"Stanley Beach was the son of "" Scientific American "" 's editor ( he became editor himself ) , and he had a long personal association with Whitehead ."	editor
male	10	The author describes his transition from a writer to an editor and his development as an editor .	editor
male	5	12 But the journal 's editor at the time , Donald Kennedy , defended his decision by arguing : ' Sticking one 's head in the sand and hoping that unpleasant realities will go away has never been a fruitful approach to science or public policy ' .	editor
male	10	"In his 1989 "" Dictionary of Invective "" , British editor Hugh Rawson lists 16 phrases that use the word Chinese to denote "" incompetence , fraud and disorganization "" ."	editor
male	8	Some time ago , I helped out another editor from this page , Tomkoch , on the Denis Wood article , because he took issue with the content and felt we could do better .	editor
male	1	An editor has now decided that he feels this does not meet with current wikipedia policy , as it contains a number of external links .	editor
male	2	The other editor then proceeded to `` be bold '' as he put it and make changes to the template anyway .	editor
male	16	Now when looking at a proper citation , there is no way to tell whether the editor has read the whole book , a few pages of it , whether he read it at home or in a library , via a digitized copy or maybe just a snippet .	editor
male	4	A bold and deserving editor who is not afraid to speak out for what he feels is right .	editor
male	22	"One unique characteristic of both "" Read Yourself Raw "" and "" Raw "" is that it is difficult even for the editor himself , Art Spiegelman , to define the magazine and who its intended audience is for ."	editor
male	2	The first editor was the topographer Thomas Blore , but he and Drakard soon fell out .	editor
male	9	Martin tells four people of the sighting : his editor , McIlvaine ; his fiancée , Emily Tisdale ; the family pastor , Dr. Grimshaw ; and a college friend , Harry Wheelwright .	editor
male	1	The editor who created it and is insisting on its inclusion admits that he wants to use it to push a position -LRB- pro-photovoltaics -RRB- and has accused another editor of being in hock to the nuclear industry .	editor
male	9	"At his memorial service on 22 November , the editor of the "" Hamilton Herald "" , Albert E.   S. Smythe , declared him the "" Canadian Dickens "" and one of Walt Whitman 's "" great companions "" ."	editor
male	17	The collection dating from 1930 to 1967 contains documents his career as journalist , reporter and city editor of the Pittsburgh Courier and his war correspondence .	editor
male	1	An editor recreated the same content as the deleted version , and said on the talk page that he was unable to use DRV for some reason .	editor
male	26	"In 1847 he became the editor of the first Italian chess column , "" L'Album "" in Rome , and by 1859 he was co - editor with Augusto Ferrante of the chess journal "" La Rivista degli Scacchi "" , which was also based in his home city ."	editor
male	9	"In the first issue under the new title the editor assured his Bowral readers that "" the interests of Bowral residents will be guarded just as sacredly as of yore ... "" ."	editor
male	10	"In a February 1992 issue of "" Time "" , editor Elizabeth Valk congratulated Behar on his Conscience - in - Media Award , stating "" Needless to say , we are delighted and proud "" ."	editor
male	30	I would direct anyone who agrees with this line of reasoning to consider the recently forged and hard-fought consensus at Rosalind Picard which was almost immediately discarded by a new editor who admitted he was following Moulton ' s off-wiki direction .	editor
male	2	An active editor admitted he was a writer doing a piece on Pena .	editor
male	1	IGN editor Cam Shea ranked it third on his top 10 list of Xbox Live Arcade games .	editor
male	4	With heavy guidance from editor Mark Gruenwald ( who had himself written the series for a time ) , Nocenti ended the series with the death of the titular character , a decision she came to regret .	editor
male	4	This is a solid editor who has demonstrated that he is here to improve the project , that he can be trusted with additional privileges , and that he will continue to improve the project if those privileges are given to him .	editor
male	23	I was pointing out the overwhelming ignorance and lack of knowledge in this case , which I am entitled to do given this editor thinks he knows better than the academics - laughable when you consider he believes Hitler was elected by the German people !	editor
male	5	I would rather have an editor who states upfront that he believes he is doing the correct thing than such a dubious way of handling things .	editor
male	5	But in fact the other editor DID lie to the extent that he describing a hotly contested word change as a `` spelling correction '' in an edit history HERE and then denied it HERE .	editor
male	2	"Complex "" editor Kyle Kramer praised Bow Wow 's transition from child to teen rapper through his boasting ability , saying "" With a T.I.-esque flow , paired with a killer , clattering faux - Neptunes beat courtesy of Jazze Pha , the kid , the self - proclaimed “ Mr. 106 and Park , ” was unstoppable . """	editor
male	10	"In New York William Kirkland entered the newspaper business as editor of the "" New York Evening Mirror "" , and of his own paper , the "" Christian Inquirer "" ."	editor
male	43	"The "" Tribune "" absorbed three other Chicago publications under the new editors : the "" Free West "" in 1855 , the "" Democratic Press "" of William Bross in 1858 , and the "" Chicago Democrat "" in 1861 , whose editor , John Wentworth , left his position when elected as Mayor of Chicago ."	editor
male	5	I also wonder why the editor cares so much about one article that he feels it necessary to repeatedly nominate it for AFD and DRV and not just let consensus be .	editor
male	11	"In 2015 he stepped down and James Fergusson , founding obituaries editor of "" The Independent "" , 1986 - 2007 , took his place ."	editor
male	2	"Wideman 's editor , Hiram Haydn , had seen his profile in "" LOOK Magazine "" and contacted Wideman before he left for Oxford , asking the aspiring author to send him his writing ."	editor
male	13	For an administrator to do that in order to stop a good faith editor with whom he is having a content dispute is a picturebook example of abuse of administrator privileges .	editor
male	1	"His editor rejected his stories , driving Frank to "" The Edge "" again where he disables Gideon to take better pictures of the robot but is knocked unconscious and transported back to Earth whilst photographing Gideon before it is completely disabled ."	editor
male	4	"Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series ( Cambria Press ) , and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter ( published by Cambria Press ) , "" Sacred Display : Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia "" , won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology ."	editor
male	5	Her second husband was film editor Jon M. Haffen ( who during his acting career had been billed as John Whitney ) .	editor
male	1	The editor had been here two days , and has since indicated that he has left the site - so maybe biting the newbies applies as well .	editor
male	17	"Beside his "" A Man Called Kev "" and "" Battler Britton "" vanity projects , Wildstorm editor Scott Dunbier asked Ennis to also do something a bit more commercial in return , so the writer suggested to "" go straight for the jugular and give the best character they ’ve got his own book "" , which in his opinion would be Midnighter ."	editor
male	8	At the 53rd Creative Arts Emmy Awards , editor John Fuller earned a nomination for Outstanding Multi - Camera Picture Editing for his work on the episode .	editor
male	1	The editor says he has removed the IP numbers in question and I have unblocked him on the understanding that he will not engage in fishing expeditions to find the IP numbers of other editors .	editor
male	1	"An editor of "" Sburătorul "" magazine , the latter had by then abandoned his conservative position to support urban culture , modernism , and impressionistic writing ."	editor
male	10	I have received even a private communication from a pro-homeopathy editor who is so disgusted with the antics of these SPAs that he wrote me `` I do not think I will be doing any more edits to the homeopathy .	editor
male	4	No since loseing another editor -LRB- even if he is disruptive -RRB- .	editor
male	4	It looks like the editor realised he was in an edit war he could not win , so he logged out and reverted using his IP address .	editor
male	21	"Dumas Malone ( January 10 , 1892 – December 27 , 1986 ) was an American historian , biographer , and editor noted for his six - volume biography on Thomas Jefferson , "" Jefferson and His Time "" , for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history ."	editor
male	7	His first day on the job , editor Merle Gray handed Bentel a Spanish – American War - era Colt .45 revolver for his protection .	editor
male	1	Another editor also removed them and he reverted again .	editor
male	1	"TNA editor Bill Banks announced the tournament in July 2005 in his "" Bank Shot "" column , adding that the final would be held at TNA 's Sacrifice PPV event on August   14 , 2005 ."	editor
male	10	Exactly four days later , Edgar Mahlomola Motuba , the editor of the popular newspaper Leselinyana la Lesotho , was abducted from his home together with two friends and murdered .	editor
male	4	"The New Criterion "" editor and writer Roger Kimball described his paintings as leading "" double lives , as memorable evocations of rural landscape and tightly organized arrangements of abstract planes of color . """	editor
male	2	"Asian Junkie editor Random J reviewed the song on his personal blog , and stated about the album remix , "" As with "" Laser Beam "" Yasutaka throws in some new melodic passages , arrangements and completely new key changes ."	editor
male	20	Yes , Wikipedia is not a therapy , and a certain degree of competency is required , however , this editor seems to have been doing well when he was under the mentorship of Xeno .	editor
male	8	"In his brief introduction to the play , editor H. Harvey Wood even declares that “ [ Marston ’s ] style in "" Sophonisba "" is almost grotesquely strained and inflated in an attempt to match the dignity of the subject and the import of the occasion ”"	editor
male	20	"In 1995 , Pinkwater published his first adult novel , "" The Afterlife Diet "" , in which a mediocre editor , upon dying , finds himself in a tacky Catskills resort populated by "" circumferentially challenged "" deceased ."	editor
male	1	That editor told me he appreciated how I quickly made a change and the minor conflict ended .	editor
male	1	"The editor of "" The Writings of John Bradford "" , Aubrey Townsend , notes this in his preface :"	editor
male	20	"After Scott B. Smith had published a short story for "" The New Yorker "" , the magazine 's fiction editor learned of his then - unpublished novel "" A Simple Plan "" before reading it and forwarding it to an agent ."	editor
male	6	"In his review for Allmusic , editor Andy Kellman called "" Evolution of a Man "" "" a set that is predominantly slow , sparse , and intimate ."	editor
male	1	"The editor - in - chief of "" The Nation "" , Majid Nizami , was his father 's brother - in - law and thus his uncle ."	editor
male	1	"The editor of the "" Review , "" Edward Tyrrel Channing , read the poem to his assistant , Richard Henry Dana , who immediately exclaimed , "" That was never written on this side of the water ! """	editor
male	3	Strong support Good editor , and I think that he will make a great sysop .	editor
male	7	This article was almost stable until one editor decided he would try adding material to the lead and infobox to see if he could start an editwar .	editor
male	4	"The Simpsons "" music editor Chris Ledesma wrote on his blog that there was originally a discussion among the staff of the show about how the sequence would be scored ."	editor
male	2	A fellow editor remarked , `` even while haranguing the loudest , -LSB- he -RSB- is purloining the fastest '' .	editor
male	3	One contemporary newspaper editor however , held nothing back in his satire on Cadell 's pomposity .	editor
male	2	"The news editor of the "" Derbyshire Times "" had his suits made in the store and another assistant , Vincent Cleary , arranged an interview for Alan at the newspaper ."	editor
male	0	Editor Donn Cambern used various music from his own record collection to make watching hours of bike footage more interesting during editing .	editor
male	4	Should Abtract harass another editor as he has Collectonian -LRB- and arguably Sesshomaro , the matter should be addressed by administrators , with the added concern that the situation would have been chronic if there were a third or fourth editor Abtract harassed .	editor
male	3	I think an editor who feels he may insult other editors , is not an asset to Wikipedia .	editor
male	2	This `` editor '' thinks he can just erase anything he likes and then say to others `` You are violating '' or `` you are erasing '' when in gact he only wants his opinion to be heard .	editor
male	1	"The editor and publisher Edmund Wilson made harsh comments about Tolkien 's work , which he referred to as "" juvenile trash "" , saying "" Dr. Tolkien has little skill at narrative and no instinct for literary form ."	editor
male	1	The editor says that he has retired his account and he will not be using his account Fredrick day anymore .	editor
male	10	I consider it wholly relevant to this case that one editor who is involved in a dispute with another editor claims he has received emails of that nature .	editor
male	10	People seemed to like Middle Bronze Age alphabets ; one editor said he should give me an award for it .	editor
male	1	The editor claims that he had hacked the channel himself so I think that would be a claim about a third party .	editor
male	19	"The Medill School was founded in 1921 , and named after Joseph Medill ( 1823–1899 ) , owner and editor of the "" Chicago Tribune "" , which was then run by his grandsons Robert R. McCormick and Joseph Medill Patterson ."	editor
male	8	After receiving a letter from Fowler , his editor decides that he can stay in Indo-China for another year .	editor
male	2	"Director and editor Dave Hughes had previously collaborated with Deacon in 2008 for his song "" Okie Dokie "" from the album "" Spiderman of the Rings "" ."	editor
male	8	"On his death "" The Sunday Times "" editor Martin Ivens described Gill as "" the heart and soul of the paper "" and "" a giant among journalists "" ."	editor
male	42	Halvorsen and Hansen were arrested in August 1942 , and Jan Birger Jansen took over as the sole editor , only informing other resistance members that he had contacts to the editorial staff , while in fact he was the single responsible editor himself .	editor
male	4	Since then , one editor has mentioned that he was unable to make the edit himself because he was about to go on holiday , which is entirely understandable .	editor
male	11	"In addition to the regular daily posting of reader submissions each editor also added his own weekly new skull creation . """	editor
male	3	One concerned an editor who promoted work that he had apparently written himself as a reliable source without disclosing his authorship .	editor
male	1	News editor Chris Wong , the most senior employee who had signed the petition , was relieved of his duties .	editor
male	1	This editor seems to have already achieved the experiency and usefulness level , even if he did not do so many edits .	editor
male	10	Secondly , I am not making a presumption , the editor in question has stated he has not read the source and is using snippets only .	editor
male	14	The difference between this an ' joo allz zuk kawk ' is that this editor is seeking to squirrel away actual usable data in our edit histories , which he can recover and use later .	editor
male	1	The editor of the magazine , Mansour Dieng , claimed that he subsequently received death threats .	editor
male	8	"Ramsey Denison is a director , producer , editor and documentary filmmaker who is best known for his critically acclaimed documentary """	editor
male	1	The editor is a known activist and charity supporter , he has often donated money to worthy causes all over South Africa .	editor
male	2	The other editor is arguing that he should be able to use his expertise - without supporting citation - to either identify or number the faces by their position in the Doctor chain .	editor
male	41	"After writing a few stories for "" Mad "" and for "" Katy Keene "" , Bridwell began working for DC Comics in 1965 as an assistant to editor Mort Weisinger , "" on the Superman titles , eventually becoming an editor himself ( "" Lois Lane "" , and later "" The Superman Family "" ) ."	editor
male	2	But the editor gave Clark his job back when he brought in the story , and he actually softened toward Lois over time .	editor
male	2	"Fellow IGN editor Lucas M. Thomas mentioned "" 3D Edition "" in his article on the "" port problem "" of the 3DS , where he wrote he had already "" been there "" ."	editor
male	1	The editor peristed he would attend to it so I though ok cool and left him to it .	editor
male	1	This editor does need to be more careful in how he uses his words , and I left what I hoped to be a positively worded caution to him on his Talk Page .	editor
male	4	The club 's programme editor resigned from his position in June 2015 over a one - off price rise of the programme for Broadhurst Park 's opening game against Benfica the previous month ; a Board decision that was described as breaching the club 's founding principle of avoiding outright commercialism .	editor
male	5	Toddst1 has also accused another editor of being a sock of Fuckingeveryone , though he really has no evidence of this .	editor
male	8	"In his 1912 edition of the play , editor A. C. Judson argued that Jonson modeled this play ( for him , an atypically unrealistic work ) on the plays of John Lyly , specifically Lyly 's "" Galathea "" , "" Midas "" , "" Sapho and Phao "" , and "" Endymion "" ."	editor
male	3	Support ; good editor , mature and civil , and I expect he would use admin powers wisely .	editor
male	41	"It has also replaced print media in allowing the immediate exchange of information for which scholars once relied on the ‘ Queries , Requests , Information ’ section of the paper journal the "" French Studies Bulletin "" , as its editor himself points out ."	editor
male	1	Its editor / creator , Paul Dick , partially disabled himself , wanted to donate some of the zine 's profits to a different disability charity each month .	editor
male	9	What I have come to notice is that this editor is attempting to act like an administrator and believes he has the authority to meddle with every single edit other editors do .	editor
male	33	Cawley later denied that there were 300 people working on the episode , and added that the only people who were paid for it were Zicree and Takei , as well as the editor Zicree hired at his own expense .	editor
male	1	As editor of the Metropolitan Record , Mullaly 's call for armed resistance to the military draft led to his arrest following the July 1863 New York City Draft Riots .	editor
male	7	"Among his many credits there was as editor of the cult arts / lifestyle show "" South of Watford "" which helped to establish the TV careers of its successive presenters , Ben Elton and Hugh Laurie ."	editor
male	13	I was hoping that discussions would make a block unnecessary , but the editor displays no awareness that he needs reliable sources for article statements .	editor
male	30	It ' s obvious that some of those who were asking for an unblock were just not familiar with the background , or the fact that Proofreader recently e-taunted another editor who expressed anger at a comment and explained he had experienced recent trauma in real life -LRB- hopefully you know what I ' m talking about since it started the whole incident -RRB- .	editor
male	1	The editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife Alicia -LRB- Vivienne Osborne -RRB- happy .	editor
male	4	Where at least one editor has opined that he would have participated , and potentially contrary to the existing delete !	editor
male	4	As the owner and editor of the Northern Miner , O’Kane devoted himself and the paper to improving the lives of the miners working in Charters Towers .	editor
male	2	Why this editor thinks he can misrepresent someone to marginalize their ability to contribute to wiki is beyond me .	editor
male	6	The edit summaries clearly indicate the editor knew he was reverting every time .	editor
male	29	If those opinions are relevent to the article and can be referenced with notability he would have a right to quote them , but if they are targeting an editor on a talk page than he has not right to be abusive .	editor
male	10	When he could not be reached all day , an editor drove to his Whitehall apartment and called the police , who found Flanagan dead in the apartment .	editor
male	1	The editor August Derleth , in his foreword , stated that the book contains the best of Lovecraft 's poetry , as well as the second - best and even his earlier work .	editor
male	1	An editor changed my userbox without my permission and acknowledged that he went over the line .	editor
male	15	Pieces on music were of special importance , they were mostly accounted for by the editor himself , writing under the pseudonym Bedi Mensi .	editor
male	16	During the time it was owned by the Pepper family ( specifically in 1922 ) an editor at the paper openly admitted his membership in the Ku Klux Klan and praised the Klan in print .	editor
male	7	In the broader Wikipedia context , this editor simply does not know what he is doing .	editor
male	6	"Based on his information , the editor produces a somewhat sensationalist news story , associating the murder with a local town legend , "" The Curse of the Forty - Fives . """	editor
male	22	"John E. Hudgens ( born April 6 , 1967 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an independent director , producer , and editor noted for his short "" Star Wars "" fan films and for many "" Babylon 5 "" promotional videos ."	editor
male	7	"Publisher Nylen became a publishing consultant ; editor Okrent was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "" "" , and from 2003 to 2005 was the first public editor of "" The New York Times "" ."	editor
male	20	"In his review of the book , Ronald Taylor - Lewis [ born of a Sierra Leonean father ] , editor of "" Mano Vision "" magazine , London , described it as "" a masterpiece of fact and analysis . """	editor
male	1	"comic editor Scott Allie wrote in his editorial column that he read Whedonesque for reactions to Buffy 's same - sex encounter in issue 12 , while Duke University Press credits Whedonesque with helping to sell its "" Undead TV : Essays on "" Buffy the Vampire Slayer "" "" ."	editor
male	7	This is about asking the anon IP editor if he is THE Clayton Cramer .	editor
male	3	Johnson asked his editor if he could write film criticism articles in 1932 .	editor
male	2	If the editor believes he can draw up a list by year I have no objections if he does it on one page in year order .	editor
male	10	Lloyd did most of the tasks now associated with an editor himself , keeping it on a tight leash all his life .	editor
male	33	"He began his professional career as a journalist , contributing to magazines including "" The Saturday Evening Post "" , "" Harper 's "" and "" Collier 's "" , before becoming an editor himself ."	editor
